its also smaller , and gets more looks .
their products have been great and have saved my bacon on numerous occasions .
- included creative software is pretty poor .
i upgraded from an older 801 . 11b router to the linksys wrt54g for its improved security , and of course , speed .
the only way my pc internet works is if i open the firewall program configuration and manually refresh it .
limitations : - not a lot of original accessories like the ipod .
it 's shorter , sleeker , more compact and fits comfortably in my small hand than the ipod . . . my nokia cell phone towers over this bad boy ! .
i really do recommend this to anyone in need of a new player .
the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case .
i 've taken about hundred shot with the canon , in varying lighting situations , all in auto mode , and not one blurry picture ! . ! . ! .
on average , indoor shots with a flash are not quite as good as 35mm .
4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! . )
"i have only used it with the 1/4 "" collet and a 1/2 "" round over bit , but i love how it starts up with little torque and runs very quietly ."
the display is awesome , you can see everything you want and read it clearly
the champ works great .
the champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year .
i ended up buying one for upstairs and one for downstairs because it works so well and because i change him so often downstairs .
it also lets you remove songs from the play order .
it can not be the computer or the owner , since i purchased mcgee anti-virus 8 and it installs and works fine with no problems .
with a quick spin of the dial you can select shutter priority ( for high speed subjects ) , aperture priority ( for focal length ) or full program mode where the camera selects both for ideal photo quality .
1 ) the champ is easy to use .
i have had no problem what-so-ever with this product .
i wanted standard memory expansion ( cf cards ) , macro mode , and if possible , a waterproof housing ( for kayaking ) .
i expected the 12x digital zoom to be grainy , but on full size high to fine quality , the zoomed images are quite impressive .
in fact , it caused my system to hang more times than not , so i uninstalled it and stuck with mediasource 100 % .
the focus is great , though , if you are not taking a macro shot .
the only problem that i have found with the internet service is that it does not access mils ( real estate broker software ) very well at all .
reset the network , tried the connection , and it 's working like a charm .
placement of the buttons and software user interface is near perfect .
a ) feel cheap -- the plastic is feels like it would break very easily , and it definately wouldnt survive a drop
headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature .
for one thing , the diapers always get jammed in it .
and we still love it ! .
i got it to use with the new $5-per-month service from yahoo ( music unlimited , ) and despite the above issues , i love it .
great camera .
also much less stinky .
"also , when i dial an "" 800 "" number like an airline , it will not allow me to use number keys to navigate the prerecorded menu ."
the cool thing about the ad-2600 it plays alot of different file like mp3 , wma cds , jpeg and kodak picture cds , dvd 's , dvd - / + r 's .
clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people ! . ! . ! .
overall it is a great unit & hopefully creative labs or some other vendor will soon come out with some accessories for it .
picture quality 's great for still and video with sound .
the sound is quite good , in terms of volume .
it 's overkill for simple snapshots , unless you 've got way too much money to blow .
putting in mp3 player , lots of games and application to download .
i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n 't a big problem .
oh , and the screen saver feature is pretty sweet ^ _ ^
it had a heavier and more sturdy casing .
freebies you get : a cradle with detachable stand and belt clip , some thing very handy and useful .
and so far , i 've been very pleased .
i 'm really happy with this purchase .
this camera takes amazing pictures and its size can not be beat .
so far i haven 't had so much complaints except that i still haven 't mastered how to scandisk when using internet security .
the instruction manuals and documentation are excellent so that the learning curve will be much less steep .
the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par .
from the internet , woodworking books , local stores and personal opinions the hitachi m12v 3-1/4 hp router time and time again came up to be the router of choice or best for its price .
having usb 2 . 0 makes for very fast transfers .
i really dislike holding a phone to my ear , and i 've found the free speak to be very comfortable and easy to use with this phone .
the other pail i used started to smell after 2 weeks of use .
this phone is one of the few phones that have an fm radio tuner built in .
the canon software for raw images does not present you with a raw image at all , but the raw image after it has been processed by all the image-affecting settings in the camera .
i dont use the belt clip cz it fails to hold the player securely ( design problem ) .
in that model the hard drive just died one morning before my class .
the interface is simple to use .
can 't get easier than that ! .
can 't beat carrying 500-cd collection with me wherever i go .
the canon g3 is perhaps the best 4mp camera out there .
this linksys router does it for the right price .
it has several play options , one of the best is an option to shuffle , based on all or a certain playlist .
if you use linux and want gr ps and/or want to use a handsfree bluetooth device , and want a decent camera -- this is the phone for you .
look at the size of it ! .
ability to play most discs - i tried dvd , vcd , dvd-r , audio cd and it played all
i am annoyed that the player 's not automatically recognized as a hard drive .
in addition it comes with a sleek and powerful headset .
it has a beautiful design , lots of features , very easy to use , very configurable and customizable , and the battery duration is amazing ! .
i love this camera ! .
the fm tuner is just a little spare icing on the cake .
all my questions or problems have been quickly and satisfactorily resolved .
few month ago , it 's very popular among my community .
i did not have any of the installation problems that people highlighted here .
we also had a problem with diaper wipes getting caught when the top was flipped .
gets stinky after a few months , the seal on the piston doesn 't seal anymore .
i was looking for a compact , rugged ( i carry it hiking , skiing , boating , etc ) camera which is easy to use .
the soft start is nice .
"i thought given all the "" 10 "" reviews about this camera that i would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey ."
i purchased this phone knowing it was slightly old as compared to the newer models of nokia phones available .
the zen is an outstanding way to shuttle music between sources , you can 't do this on the ipod ( except for a cumbersome work-around using the ipod as a hard drive instead of a player ) .
no memory stick slots -- although a rare feature , it would be nice to have extra storage , not that it needs it built-in lithium battery -- a huge hassle to bring this back ; . draining the battery once you get it helps , but removable/replaceable ones are a lot more convenient
the controls on the player are very simple , no need for a manual .
great screen and great sound .
the most recent is that it will stop responding to the on/off button .
i bought the diaper champ and have been very happy for the following reasons .
the karma doesn 't look as sexy but it 's interface is very efficiently designed .
10 ) multiple play modes - tracks in order of album , shuffle , etc . , is standard on all jukebox players but worth noting that the zen xtra is not deficient in this matter .
when you put this phone in your pocket you forget it is there ; . it is unbelievably small and oh , so light .
i am absolutely in awe of this camera , canon put enormous quality into the g3 .
i upgraded from a very small 3 . 2 max camera to this camera with great results .
best electronic i 've bought since i was born .
i thought this camera was awful and i did tons of research on cnet and other sites .
audio is excellent .
it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera . .
after installation , which was very simple . . . . i downloaded any updated software from the creative website , before i downloaded any music .
i 'm probably the only person that dislikes the itunes software .
value : comparing data storage with price .
i was looking for something that wasn 't too complicated to use and to help the pics i post on ebay show more detail .
the first one would n 't work from the start .
this camera is perfect for an enthusiastic amateur photographer .
"while i was trying to play half life 2 it started popping up with "" alerts "" every twenty seconds ( literally ) , warning me my antivirus protection was off ."
for the price and size and features , you can 't beat the price .
it is more than 90 days and it does not show the picture no matter what i do .
i 've owned many norton products in my time , and for the most part , i 've been pleased with their performance .
the battery is alot better than most of the phones out there .
the phone has such advantages as the excellent keypad and display , long rundown time and a good software suite .
in true nokia style , the phone is simple to use and despite its delicate appearance , this little guy is as durable as other nokias i have owned .
the fit and finish of the product is first-rate .
the new organizer software that ships with the nomad zen xtra could n 't be easier to use .
no way to contact their customer service .
other than that , the simian series 60 os is great and offers lots of proprietary software that will work on your phone if you 're willing to hunt for it .
the screen 's large and easily read .
when you look through the viewfinder ( not the lcd ) the bottom left corner of the picture ( about 15 % ) is blocked by the lens .
cons - difficult to open to change bag-twice my bags caught on a sharp edge inside and snagged as i was pulling out-leaving dirty diapers all over the floor .
however , it needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn 't work at all in the car , for example .
it hasn't gone below the second notch ( i charge mine whenever i 'm at home and not using it ) , so the battery life seems fine ( so far ) .
it was ( i sold it after a few months ) too expensive for the shots that i got .
i took perfect care of this player and still it died in the week after the lousy 90 day warranty ended .
the battery life of this phone is at most 2 days and at least one day at excessive use .
the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) .
the guide fence for freehand routing is well made and solid .
scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling .
do n 't buy this player .
basic usage is easy , but the remote has a lot of buttons that i have n 't used .
finally , after about a week 's use , the screen started to freeze on me .
and i must say . . . this mp3 is very cool .
overall i like it .
2 ) the champ uses regular store bags .
this is a great camera for you ! .
there is absolutely nothing useful at the symantec/norton site .
yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them .
i can keep one hand on my baby and dump the diaper at the same time , it is that simple .
but if you want a great deal and a great mp3 player , get the nomad .
when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off .
very sturdy and strong .
3 ) user replaceable battery
those used to 35mm cameras will find the g3 very comfortable and friendly to use .
4 ) one nice thing about nokias is that they have a ton of ring tone and game choices .
on the up-side , the phone has amazing battery life .
overall this is a slightly better than average phone .
this phone is good with a huge array of features built into it .
i 've since replaced it with a pair of black sennheisers . . . not only are the packaged earbuds pretty uncomfortable , but are too similar to ipod 's and can target ipod thieves here in nyc .
but at least you re starting with the most photo realistic images ive ever seen from a camera .
the sd500 has only been in my possession for a little over 3 months , and the lcd has been broken twice .
the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid .
this is a good deal for music and data storage .
to my amazement , even that process was error-prone .
first of all the player 's sound quality is superior to the ipod .
focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange .
i will never buy their product again at this rate , and neither should you .
one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible .
i am enjoying my phone a lot . . . .
while light , it will not easily go in small handbags or pockets .
i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player .
i have noted that as you use the tool , sawdust builds in the channel and it requires attention .
too costly and not efficient if you ask me ! .
what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical .
and the remote is cheap and ch easy - not sure how long it 'll last , but for 50 bucks what the heck ! .
another irrigation is that if you hold the scroll button down for too long , it keeps going past the song you may have wanted to stop on .
its just as fast as the included creative software , but much less invasive , and overall better looking .
otherwise , this player is awesome ! .
having spent considerable time with professional video gear , i find onscreen displays annoying .
i also had no problems installing or running the camera software on my pc .
it is easy enough to use for a beginner like me but it has plenty of features for me to grow into .
multimedia functions are enhanced by multi-slide mms messages and a gallery for organizing digital content captured or downloaded with the phone .
the only downside to this is that it can get pretty stinky long before the pail is full .
i could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days ! .
but i wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits .
i must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be
and we definitely prefer our champ ! .
i have an ipod and it is a great buy .
what this product really needs is better documentation for how to set up the router for different operating systems ! .
however , the battery life isn 't as good as i would like .
for the price , it 's a very nice dvd player .
5 . the camera installed on this phone is awesome .
this is my first digital camera and i can say that i am quite impressed with the features that it has .
the picture quality of this camera is outstanding ( taking its ' size and price into consideration ) .
the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n 't come in the overused blue .
moving on to sound department . . . it delivers ! .
it is an extremely cool cozmo .
the xtra improves upon the zen nx with a larger , now-blue backlit screen , which is infinitely better .
not only is it much more cost effective ( you can use regular trash bags rather than refills at $5 a pop ) , it is easier to use and clean , and has a larger capacity .
at first i had a problem with some smell , then i realized if you flip the lid back and always keep the same side facing in - then there is no smell at all ! .
sharper pictures .
on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd .
the interface software itself , which should be user-friendly , was anything but easy-to-use .
i decided to go with the diaper champ rather than the more popular diaper genie , because i didn 't like the idea of having to buy special bags .
also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display .
the ! . sound quality is great .
the rate plans are also very good , at least for me .
"about the product : the zen micro is a sleek , stylish device that caters not just to "" hip "" youngsters but to people of all walks of life who like to listen on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life , size , or the "" awkward "" factor ."
the installation software cd crashed repeatedly .
utility its got a huge list of features including an fm recorder a calender and contacts list .
the songs recorded with fm are as good as the original signal .
the nomad is not ugly , it is not that big , it comfortably fits in my pocket , or heavy , and the controls are not hard to get used to .
the program brings more problems than a virus , albeit not as major problems , just not what you expect for 70 bucks .
- the unit is easy to use and intuitive .
we tried it out christmas night and it worked great .
the controls are hard to manipulate , especially in the dark .
this thing seriously is a good player though .
new firmware update allows for automatic wireless network configuration .
just point and shoot and the photos were great .
"i could take 1/2 "" passes and it still didn 't skip a beat ."
i thought the software was decent enough - it was n 't complicated to learn at all .
as i said , i don 't regret the purchase at all .
the 6610 excels as a cell phone , thank god .
the subscription files are still a little slower to transfer , but it 's only by about 10% or so .
there are some highs to the 2004 edition , but mostly lows .
if you are already using a previous version of nortron security and uni stalled it to install the new version , you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system ! .
- excellent sound quality
3 ) 4x zoom is nice
negatives of the player itself : you need to do a little work before having full enjoyment of this player .
no need to pay for the special refills that the other brands require ! .
it 's so small .
you can record your voice and turn it into a ringtone .
however the main reason i am not satisfied with this product is the fact that it will lock up at odd times .
the cd ripping to mp3 is so easy , and you can even rip the cd directly to the mp3 player , so it wo n 't take up space on your pc hard drive .
so reliability is the winner here for the ipod .
and the video quality is amazing .
the menu pops up after 3 seconds the picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory .
the instant setup button in the front of the router messes up the network it is better to configure the router manually .
initially , i was very impressed , after loading 180 songs it seemed to function very well but then it would lock up on me and a battery removal remedied this , i then downloaded the upgrades and everything seemed to be alright .
a digic ii-powered image-processing system enables the sd500 to snap a limitless stream of 7-megapixel photos at a respectable clip , its start-up time is tops in its class , and it delivers decent photos when compared to its competition .
everything , so far , has worked flawlessly .
the lens is visible in the viewfinder when the lens is set to the wide angle , but since i use the lcd most of the time , this is not really much of a bother to me .
retraction : said mine had silver plate : it does have display .
i first used the router in the free hand mode and liked it a lot .
battery : compared to the other players on the market , the ipod has one of the worst batteries around .
i have no complaints with this mp3 player .
negative : impossibly tiny and difficult to operate , barely visible , power button .
"second , the "" automatic "" sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer ."
great sound ; . good interface ; . replaceable , powerful battery ; . good software ; . wake-up , sleep timers ; . multiple play modes
2- excellent picture quality and so simple to use ! . ! . ! .
its the easiest thing to setup i thought , and i am only 16 . . . so with all that said , buy the router ! . ! . ! . ! .
i still need to read up on some of the security settings , etc to fully understand all that 's up there , but bottom-line is that the installation was like night and day compared to the speed boost router .
despite its being slightly larger than the ipod , i must say i was surprised to see how small it was when i unwrapped the box ! .
: ! . ok , score 7 . 0 oh yes , the newest color of this phone is quite cool .
if anyone is thinking of getting an ipod mini , forget it and go with this player .
plus , the fact that it used regular trash bags is great .
well i have to say that this product is very good i mean it might be a little big but it still fits in your pocket .
6- small but very clear tft screen .
while this phone obviously doesn 't have the same quality construction as motorola does , the nokia 6600 is one of the better phones i 've used .
after getting used to the m12 all the rest seemed lacking .
also , you have to use it with itunes - or they 'll sue , dammit ! . but itunes is about as good as anything .
it was easy enough to remove the front plate , and there was only one way the battery could be inserted .
when the player was working it was great , but .
"also , i can 't understand why the software does not ignore "" the "" when it lists the cds in alphabetical order ."
only 1 problem , no accessories . . . yet .
c . i do love audio sync which allows a one-click synchronization between the player and the music collection on the computer .
right now , the creative software transfers subscription music files very slowly .
they didn 't know what the problem could be .
the installation , set-up , and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam component works well .
buttons do seem a little sticky tho . . and the hands free kits ' connector might be a problem . .
incredible memory ! .
this router has soft start and runs smooth and true .
what is added in functionality ( battery replacement ) detracts in build quality as the face plate is prone to popping off .
software is easy to use ( although red hat software is better , but costs money )
- radio quality : weak reception
for the hobbiest , it 's probably a nice buy .
this phone has a very cool and useful feature -- the speakerphone .
all in all , this product is definitely one i would recommend and certainly worth the very reasonable price .
the software is very easy to use , and the transfer is super fast ! .
after years with that carrier 's expensive plans and horrible customer service , portability seemed heaven-sent .
i have used norton for the past 5 years and for the last 2 years , the software has gotten more and more disgraceful .
since i use it in a table , i don 't use the plunge feature , but if i ever need it i 've got it .
also the feature to automatically put in the song information is n 't always accurate .
you can do * so * much more with the pc suite , i . e . free ringtones from midi files , free graphics from any picture on your computer , and if you know how to program jame you can even make your own apps / games .
the electronic speed control is not doing it 's job and the router begins to speed up and slow down at will .
have had problems since the first day
the eq is awful , and even at top volumes , the bass is flat sounding .
for the price , i am considering purchasing a spare just to have as a backup .
i have found that the interface on the nomad is very easy to use if you have a basic knowledge of a computer .
- not playing some dvds and then finally after less than 60 days , it just would not recognize anything i pop in it .
now i know why - they are pieces of junk .
took me a few tries to get use to the navigation , but it 's a very user friendly player imo .
picture and video quality is ok .
nokia was my first non flip phone , and i 'm glad i decided to go with them .
i have less money invested in the router table and dual routers than i would have if i had purchased a single cheap reliant sharper .
after using it for about a month , i can state unequivocally that this nikon definitely delivers a huge bang for the buck .
this camera is so light and tiny that i literally carry it everywhere with me , which is great considering i 'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting .
the remote is a little hard to understand .
this is an excellent router for the money .
i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had .
other than that this thing is great . . .
my case doesnt close . . . maybe mine was just faulty , but the case isnt that great .
i love this player and am extremely happy with my decision .
creative has been making computer sound equipment for decades and with the zen micro it finally has something with enough quality and , yes , charm to win a nice size of the digital player pie .
gets nice sound too .
- outstanding signal reception
and for those that are int rested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ) .
also , with one click you can help train your spam killer .
nice palm sized unit , somewhat bigger then the ipod but not an issue if you 're not going to try & jog with it or something .
the price is incredible with the bonus pack and hitachi 's $25 incentive ( you need the code -- -go to tool seeker . com and it tells you )
the sound quality is very good .
after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures .
nokia makes great phones , and this one is the cream of the crop .
overall , i 've been very impressed with the player .
i have been absolutely , completely satisfied with the product and its capabilities .
luckily the soft start helped before it took the wood and tossed it or worse case , a finger .
the customer support is pathetic .
handset quality is great , as is the speakerphone quality and the headset audio quality .
it also has unproven battery life .
in a week of use i 've never had to reboot the router .
as any digital camera owner knows is that when you go to take a picture of a moving object to expect some blurring but with some preliminary testing we had simone move there hands back and forth under the lense and another person take the picture and suprisingly a crystal clear image appeared on the decently sized screen .
it is n 't big and offensive , though you would n 't know it by looking at the pics it takes .
software - the software is crap .
after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel .
they look fantastic .
also , the wma compression format is superior to mp3 , especially at lower bit rates , so i needed a player that could handle wma and integrate well with my windows xp computers .
this makes no sense and sort of defeats the purpose of audio bookmarks . . .
a great camera , but here are some points which i don 't notice in most of the reviews here , which may be of concern especially to the more advanced amatuer :
i purchased this over the ipod mini because it had several nice features : extra 1g storage , wma support , replaceable battery , and especially that it wasn 't an apple product with their proprietary architecture .
bottom line , this camera will give you a lot of bang for the buck ! .
i simply love this feature .
we just recently had to buy another roll of bags . so $6 . 00 for a year of bags- can 't beat that ! . ! .
this program enables the user to batch convert and convert audio files from one format to another .
it also has tons more features then previous creative products , and most of them are very useful such as the ability to customize the main menu to show the stuff you want , not the default items ( creative labs . com for more on that ) .
the hitachi is made in malaya , and looked cheap compared with the makita , which is made in the usa .
with bluetooth off the phone last almost twice as long .
it films 10 second video , for crying out loud .
loading cds was somewhat time-consuming , but i think it would have been with the ipod as well .
my main complaints are that it should be deeper or wider as it doesn 't even fit a smaller sized garbage bag .
overall , i 'm giving this 5 stars as i 've seen nothing of the problems people have repeatedly cried havoc over , but as i 've only had the player for a while i leave room for doubt if the headphone jack , hissing , or scroll wheel problems show up with me too .
it 's as though nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% for the day to day use .
2- it is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .
i did have to cut off the ears that hold the template guide in place so i could get those big panel raising bits in it .
if you bring up an album , but absolutely hate some of the tracks , the zen will allow you to delete that from the playing order .
in the hands of someone who does n 't , it will yield good results on idiot program / auto mode .
i 've had no problems with the software .
not only is it more affordable , but its a better player for windows , which is what i have .
the picture quality is amazing and you can connect it to your tv and could make silent movies that way if you wanted to .
my friends were impressed with the quality of the pictures i took ! .
looks and durability : i realize many people are fond of the minimalist white interface .
and it holds so much music and audio files .
it 's faster than wmp .
i do n 't always care for gracenotes ' genre listings but it allows easy editing of id3 tags .
the only problem i find with it is that the plunge mechanism will eventually stick due to wood dust .
it 's fast , feels great in your hand and looks great too .
also if you want a device that does so much more than the ipod mini but is at the same price , this is the player for you .
3 . mediasource is an application with serious user interface flaws .
the interface has a sassier flair and the blue-lit trimming is an added bonus .
the larger lens of the g3 gives better picture quality in low light , and the 4-times optical zooms gets you just that much closer .
3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything .
i 've dropped it at least a dozen times to my recollection and it still works as good as ever .
this means that there is a good chance that this phone will not break easily like typical american phones .
the player 's software is very easy to use and very good .
b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display
seriously ! . i love it ! .
so , you might inquire , why don 't they make it a first priority to carefully , simply explain how download music from your music library to their device ? . ? . ? . this seems academic to me .
being a past norton customer , i consider this to be a slap to my face .
we don 't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail ! .
transfering mp3s are a cinch with the included software .
if you love your cell phone games or changing your ring tones everyday , nokia beats everyone else .
the screen is easily scratched but if you have the warranty you should be able to swap it out .
the next problem was that it didn 't recognize all the installed components , so it would not update them , most notably and importantly , virus definitions .
i 'm an advocate of nokia , but this phone and the following models ( 7610 ) , are seemingly a desperate trial at squeezing as much under-engineered and experimental technologies in one sloppy phone .
range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography .
the reason i rated it a four is because of that darn diopter adjustment dial . its very small and hard to turn so you can 't get an accurate adjustment ( for those of you who do n 't know what a diopter adjustment is , it is to adjust the focus of the viewfinder to your eyesight . )
five gigabytes is plenty for my great albums .
-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks .
it has never worked .
i like the speed control .
pick your favorite color and buy it .
just the home version of norton internet/av has too many glitches and problems to even remotely bother with .
- the flywheel you use for most of the navigation was n 't in tightly and it was uneven as far as the amount of pressure to make it engage .
i 'd say that this camera is perfect .
when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! .
multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you 'd expect .
while it didn 't have all the features i would have liked , it was better than anything else i could find at the time .
well , i got my second player , and right out of the box it wasn 't working right and once again , after consulting customer se ! .
the main advantage of this system over its predecessor is the ability to open a wider pipeline between clients .
the adobe software also was wonderful in 98 but it will not let you print correctly with xp so you are forced to create your document then either print it from windows or export it to another application .
then the most disappointing was trying to use viper raised panel bits that just barely fit , and i mean just barely .
i would not be inclined to purchase an apex product again .
without a doubt the finest looking apex dvd player that i 've seen .
i went out and got the canon today .
but if you use all bluetooth accessories , as i do , its really not an issue .
and the firewall came with a wizard which made it effortless to configure it to my lan .
the ipod is not overpriced compared to the market .
feature for feature , i find it a very sweet little player ; . equipped with a higher end headphone system , between this and th larger zen hardly use my home stereo system anymore .
the player 's mechanics are also flawed .
the camera is adequate and if i want high-res photos i 'll use my digital camera instead .
i give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user .
i really liked the price . . .
the main problem with the nomad jukebox zen xtra 30 gb is the software .
it was easy to assemble , and the diapers fit perfectly into the little nook before they make their way into the pail portion .
i 've often struggled to get something to work the way i want it , and hate to have to carry the manual with me all the time ! .
especially the lcd is big and the camera quality is among the very best around .
i love my new nomad , its great ! .
i love the performance and features of this router .
another great feature for me anyway is the ability to load . wav sounds as ringers .
a couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet .
although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product .
the battery issue is superficially a concern , but any reasonable solder-jockey ( such as myself : - ) can pop in a new one when the time comes ( based upon the plentiful info gained from a go ogle for 'ipod battery replacement ' ) .
i find the apex ad-2600 to be a great buy .
norton 's memory usage on systems with 512 mb is very low .
my file log was not responding and the program was not blocking any cookies or unauthorized sites .
i highly recommend this camera to anyone looking for a good digital camera that takes great pictures yet does n 't take weeks to figure out how to operate .
if i had to do it over , i wouldn 't buy anything else .
only used for 3 month before it 's down ! .
compatibility with other devices is excellent too ; . i 've only found one 11b device that won 't work with its mixed mode ( and it won 't work with *anyone 's* mixed mode ) .
-- > does not recognize player at random times , despite being connected and displaying player 's library .
by no means do you have to be a tech junkie to be able to install it , just be able to put a cd in the computer and it tells you what to do .
i thought it was kind of steeply priced at that time .
i had never liked the idea of the diaper genie because of the refills .
but the major problem i had was with the software .
this product is amazing and better than the ipod you can get at the same price .
as the 6600 uses 900mhz , it operates in more countries than the 6620 .
the picture is clear , bright and sharp and the sound is good .
i try navigating to a chapter past 34 via the menu and it would n 't do it ! .
we empty ours every day and we have never had an odors from it ! .
the only thing missing is an option to adjust the balance .
"the dynamic playlists ( "" now playing "" , i be live creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate . . ."
but since it 's so small , it isn 't a big deal to bring it with me .
i think their antivirus software was one of , if not the best , on the
its far heavier and much larger which might not seem to matter except if you use it while running or keep it in your pocket .
the camera does a great job with exposure and prints made with my professional printer looks great ( not as good as prints from my pro digital camera , but still very good ) .
actually using the nomad jukebox is easy and uncomplicated .
the inside pics , can be a bit challenging , but when you can instantly delete pics you dont like , that are not focused perfectly , or need lighting adjustments , make this camera very simple and effective .
the pictures are a little dark sometimes .
i forgot , the case does n 't fit .
first , it really is tiny ; . the size of a pack of cigarettes , maybe a scotch deeper .
absolutely no problems with this router .
"the zen does n 't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; . even with third party software that "" creates "" folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best ."
"1 ) great sound ( > 98db signal-to-noise ratio beats ipod 's "" unspecified "" ratio ) and good power output allow the zen xtra to drive large head-phones as well as external speakers ."
i highly recommend it if you are looking for a phone with great camera quality and/or lots of features you would find in a pda .
i chose this one because from what i read , it was the best deal for the money .
the fm radio 's reception isn 't spectacular , but it will pick up the most powerful stations in any given metro area .
i 've been incredibly happy with this camera .
the vibrate setting is loud ! .
the ringtones are beautiful , the screen is super high quality .
works pretty well .
anything this phone does , it does perfectly .
it 's easy to use , and makes transfering your cd collection to the player a cinch .
the program is fully featured , with much of what you 'd want from a security program --
it is a very amazing product .
this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon . never knew i could love a digital camera so much .
you actually can talk to a real person for support in under an hour ! . ) .
the included headphones suck , so get your own .
cons : no am/fm radio tuner -- something a large number of compete tors are doing
i researched and researched between getting the canon s20 or the canon s100 , and of course i got the latter ! .
the black fly wheel feels pretty cheap & is uncomfortable to use .
if your looking for a great sounding mini player , you can 't go wrong with the zen micro .
pros . 1 . speed 2 . signal strength 3 . advanced configuration options
i got this for christmas , and it is a great gift .
it 's also so easy to use and holds a great deal of diapers .
"even at the "" normal "" setting , a 8x10 print ! . shows not a single sign of visible rendering or pixels - you could never tell that the picture has been taken by a "" digital "" ."
it constantly drops the internet connection and simple things like walls in our house block the link so everything is very slow .
7 . have a good chunk of my small mp3 to listen through the speaker phone .
so loud , really , that it does n 't work terribly well as a silent ringer option .
i liked this one enough to buy another .
2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax .
because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! .
battery recharge , is an awesome thing , because it recharges in only like 2-3 hours .
the software runs smooth , it 's nice to look at , it 's very organized , easy to follow and makes things very simple .
the phone is small , light , and very attractive .
* price and capacity
zennx 's replaceable battery was the deciding factor in my purchase of zennx over ipod .
i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective .
unfortunately , it does not give you the option of installing ( or installing ) them individually .
it 's easy enough to pop it open to see what song you 're listening to .
yin to point out they have experience , and so the reliability of the connection you get is among the best .
this version of internet security 2004 , is beyond hope .
not a killer problem , but not well done , either .
holy cow ! . it really does scratch easily ! .
when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n 't there :
4 . the zen * stores * data files , but does not allow a folder structure nor does it allow documents to be opened or programs to be launched from its disk ( they must be copied to another hard drive to be launched ) .
other than this , i am very pleased with the router and would buy it again .
four megapixels is great .
i will also say that it takes a very long moment for the camera to do its digital image processing between the time you press the button and when the camera actually takes the picture .
what the hell is wrong with this thing .
the panel seems like it will come off very easily as other people have said .
the lcd screen was very large and readable .
i found the controls very intuitive and learned how to maneuver through the menus quickly .
i still give the ipod five stars , though , as it could have been something i did incorrectly during the install ( though i did follow the onscreen prompts ) so i 'll give apple the benefit of the doubt .
you just can 't go wrong with this one ! .
-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best .
i would recommend this product to anyone .
next , the big reason not to buy any norton product : if there 's a problem with it , norton charges $30 to even tell them about it .
the camera was a marvel .
2 ) the player user interface ( ui ) is intuitive to use , and allows easy navigation of a large or small collection .
it would not hang up on calls .
"i particularly like the "" txt "" file which records all the control information for all the pictures you take ."
hitachi 's m12v is a big beast of a router .
i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included .
pi ii 1ghz 512mb rd ram windows xp pro 80gb hd i was able to uninstall nis 2003 and install nis 2004 with no trouble .
however since this router is backward compatible , that doesn 't pose a problem at all .
nothing spectacular is done by internet security or by antivirus software .
having the digic ii chip helps a lot .
the g3 has a different type of battery charging system from the smaller canon cameras : the battery needs to be charged while in the camera , but the charging system also enables you to use the camera while plugged in without running down the battery .
they really are awfully small .
the router works fine for both wired and wireless .
i occasionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the pad even lightly ( yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode ) .
i am bored with the silver look .
great sound , very long battery life ( i routinely play it for 12 + hours ) , very fast recharges rate , removable battery , storage size , nice screen , firmware updates , and great price .
the sound is not loud enough when i play back the video clips on the camera .
) button sensitivity : even reduced to the lowest sensitivity setting , the buttons are far two sensitive , really takes some getting use to , and even then , it is still too sensitive .
i have been ripping songs into it for the past few weeks , and the ease of use is wonderful .
it did play a dvd-r which was unplayable in my older philips machine .
i 'm amazed at the photo quality -- prints are indistinguishable from 35mm prints .
also , i have not had trouble reading svcds that i created and br mp3 cds ( my old apex ad-1200 had trouble with these ) .
1 . creative mediasource software is ok to rip , catalog & burn music if you are starting from scratch ; . but i used musicmatch to rip my cds before i bought the zen ( 278 cds ; . 3 , 400 tracks ; . 12 . 5 gb of music all ripped at 128bps ) and guess what ? .
transferring music is a breeze . i don 't subscribe to music services , but as mentioned on other reviews , micro allows you to subscribe to services other than itunes .
if there were any complaints i have , they are marginal , but one is apples ' proprietary set-up for music files , their incompatibility with other music services ( i . e . napster ) is down right wrong .
a very well made product that has worked very well for me over the years .
if you can get one with all the accessories and a cheap extended warranty , this is the player to get ! . highly recommended .
as mentioned in other reviews the headphones are useless and need to be replaced right away ! .
excellent phone , the phone looks much better than what u see in the pictures .
they are razor sharp , the color balance is perfect , and the focus is great .
i upgraded from nis 2003 , and the change in performance has not been noticeable .
i 'm staying with sprint , and though i fear that their csr is n 't nearly as good as t-mobile 's , the clarity of their reception is exceptional .
it 's good .
on the whole , i 'm quite happy with the purchase .
the wizard is particularly sinister .
i have had several mp3 players over the past few years , and have to say that this by far is the best that i 've owned .
i purchased the nomad jukebox zen xtra 40gb and it is fantastic ! .
one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting .
i 'm not willing to accept shoddy construction on something i paid over 250 dollars for .
the manual is excellent .
after reading reviews of lcd problems , cracked , black blobs etc , i figured that it was probably a very limited problem .
for purposes of clarity , here is my review from that product , edited to be appropriate for this product , since , for the most part , they share many of the same problems .
they are sensitive and accurate ( perhaps too accurate , it senses through t-shirt cloth , but the touchpad can be locked ) , but easy to clean , unlike buttons .
first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod .
again , the headphone jack on this thing is garbage .
all in all it hasn 't been a bad product .
but the product is elf is great .
crappy headphones .
if someone asked me flat out , i 'd say to go woth something else .
this camera was affordable , very easy to learn , and produces spectacular images .
1 ) a spare battery would have been great .
get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings .
it fits in your pocket .
this is a benefit for many reasons ; . one being just for appearance , your pants wo n 't be bulging with this phone in your pocket .
this isn 't the most rugged phone ever but then your not gonna play airplane with this , are you .
4 ) usb 2 . 0 means fast data transfers ( 1 song / sec ! . ) .
then , my ad/pop-up blocking was completely gone .
- some features in the user interface
only then did i learn the truth -- this phone does not work with palm pdas ! .
the big backlight makes things easy to see , and the writing is big enough for people to see .
the fact that this model would play jpeg slide shows was a big plus for me as a visual artist , and i discovered by accident ( it is not mentioned anywhere in the literature ) that it will play mpeg1 files on a regular cd-r data disk without vcd formatting .
in addition , it only seems to work if you 're about five feet away from the player , although that may have been just the batteries that came with it .
if i had to do it over again , even with the cost savings of using any type of bag , i would go w/ the diaper genie .
i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason .
+ the memory ( 40 gb ) is staggering .
some adjustments in the settings could help make it better .
this product has virtually all the same installation problems .
has the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousands of songs and organizes them great .
no vibration ! .
seems it is always difficult to press to make a selection .
"we constantly got "" windows virtual memory low "" error messages popping up foll wed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes ."
norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer .
the first thing i did was upgrade the firmware to the version required for wmp10 , it syncs flawlessly with media player and transfers are fast .
im able to keep my phone on for about a week ( mostly stand by ) to three days ( regular use )
it is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags , easy to clean , and most important , easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle .
the ear buds that come with it look cheap , but the sound quality is amazing .
"i rarely get drawn in by mass-commercialism , but something about the ipod made me say , in the words of lou and andy , "" i want that one ! . "" i was willing to shell out"
it has a classic design yet looks hip .
at works as well as can be expected for products in this space and the company backs it up with good support .
f ) it doesnt look pretty -- spending this kind of cash , you want something that has the aesthetics bit down , of course
the wood can be pushed thru fast or slow with little bog .
great camera , and for the price you can 't beat it .
i 've sent 10 e-mails to their customer service department requesting an ra with no response .
this router works at 54mbps that 's megabyte not kilobyte .
the plunge lock and power switch are very easily accessible which is a must when doing free hand routing .
goes ~3 days after a charge .
if you strictly use the lcd and not the view finder , i highly recommend the camera .
there is a clock , and date , which can get helpful .
i couldn 't believe what i had been missing .
i would give it about 6 or 7 hours , although it will probably get better after a few charge cycles .
i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up .
downside is the size of the phone , it is big for today 's standard .
"unfortunately it turns out to be the "" disposable "" type ."
to make matters work , there is no manual override to overcome this problem .
simple and it works ! .
overall , a good buy for the price .
no in box accessories -- an arm strap , belt strap , case , or anything would be nice , but nope . . . moveable parts -- this makes me almost want to keep my 3rd gen over a 4th ; . with moveable parts , its easy to damage an ipod at a gym , so this is for more casual listeners ; . note the ipod mini doesn 't have moveable parts and is made of titanium .
- the outlook syn ch only works for non recurring appointments , which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people . -
software - music match jukebox is n 't the greatest , the search function is n 't fast even when accessing it with the hot key shortcut .
it fits into a hand well , it has a removable battery ( this is important ) , great sound quality , fm stereo , recorder , smooth ui , and a feature that most uni pods lack . . . char ! .
the downside being that the tito can only connect at 802 . 11b speeds and not 802 . 11g .
) -can 't be left in the car . . . it immediately shuts down with an overheating error if left in a hot car for too long .
1 . it uses regular garbage bags instead of brand refills .
as a loyal customer of norton/symantec products , i purchased internet security 2004 as a software firewall and could not be any more dissatisfied with the product ( and hence the one star rating ) .
the latter will provide better coverage in more remote areas of the states but still operates in many countries , excluding new zealand and australia .
well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze .
for those mac osx users out there , isync works fairly well .
but this does work even if you turn off the lcd viewing -- great battery saver .
it plays basically every media i 've tested so far , even an old vcd that i ripped years ago and the rental dvd that could n 't be played on my old $ 200 sharp player ! .
4 megapixels is plenty for all but pros , and you will not be disappointed with the results of this camera .
last , i find the price a bit expensive for a product such as this .
maybe this new design is more durable than the last , but i kind of doubt it .
you can 't do that with a sony t610 ( which i traded for a 6600 ) .
file transfers are fast , nearly a song per second via usb 2 . 0 .
anywhere i went in south africa this phone received full bar reception .
this has happened with several different dvd 's and occasionally if we keep trying something , it will work when it did not work one time before .
"can 't say whether i rec 'd an "" updated "" model but it will not read dvd + rw 's or vcd 's for me ."
i connected my camera to the tv and played some video clips and for a digital camera to take such good quality clips , i give it 5/5 stars = ) oh and btw , while you take video clips , you can zoom it too ! . ( digital zoom only though ) . . . but still . . . ( my old one can 't do that . . . you have to zoom it first if you want then take the video clip . )
speaking of battery , it 's removable and replaceable ! .
it 's such a great camera ! . i think it really was worth the investment = )
the opening could be a little wider , i suppose , but i haven 't really seen anything else that could be improved .
i brought it for my sister in college and she loves it ! .
it also has a stock tracking app built in ( also useless ) and a somewhat useful application which converts all types of metrics ( currency , length , area , etc ) .
in my table the m12v has been a real champ .
i 've had a lot of cameras , but this one is actually being used , and not stored in a desk : it 's all ways in my shiest pocket .
the dvd door would scratch the top of the disc every time it closed .
this is my fourth linksys product and , aside from the rough start , i 'm very satisfied with this router .
"the box proudly displays "" securest ( tm ) "" "" wireless made simple "" "" one touch setup button "" "" easy start "" "" easy security "" "" easy everyday "" apparently linksys/cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial ."
it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button .
n6600 supports midi , wav , arm , mp3 etc .
other than that , this is a perfect phone for those of us with no patience for flips .
well , my second one is now beginning to hi cup a bit after about 1 1/2 years .
the startup time , quality of pictures and videos is outstanding .
* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models .
the picture is perfect , although i 'm not watching on an hdtv .
their customer service agents are always prompt and polite and my service is terrific .
"big lcd screen - at least for me , 2 "" is enough"
this one has a color display , which i like a lot , being very visual .
it ain 't cutting edge ( no pun intended ) state of the art with all the latest bells & whistles & it definitely ain 't pretty .
this camera has none of these flaws and will be something you 'll use all the time .
it is amazingly small , it 's hard to believe all that has been packed into this camera .
i had some issues when i had enabled wep encryption and then moved on to wpa .
well linksys was one of the original big players in the router industry .
i feel much less likely to drop this phone than others , which are actually starting to get too small .
*the ipod is overly sensitive to just about everything and gets scratched easily .
i love this player .
the product i rate five stars ,
in auto mode anyone can use it as a point and shoot camera .
at 8 ounces it is pretty light but not as light as the ipod .
our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price .
we are overall pleased with product .
as far as user interface is concerned , the best and easiest to use seems to be the one that comes with the player , 'creative mediasource organizer ' .
well , this apex dvd player turned out great ! .
the player looks so much better when you 're actually holding it .
one good thing , it is 40 gb of disk space ( well , it is 38 gb in reality ) .
the size of the camera is perfect .
sound - excellent polyphonic ringing tones are very nice ( check cons ) it also doubles as a radio , which is a nice feature when you are bored .
it 's small , light and nice looking and the display is decent as well .
great phone , i 'd buy another .
it has great incredibility .
but it takes gorgeous pictures for a 2 . 1 mp camera .
after telling the rep and his tech supervisor the problem the only answer was to uninstall the program ( which i had already done ) . . .
the touch pad is over-sensitive , and is adjustable to only slightly oversensitive .
it holds plenty of songs .
it was n 't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman .
"the headphones which came with it are mediocre at best but what can you expect from a set of "" ear buds "" ."
of course , if you try to reach symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident .
but , if you 're looking for my opinion of the apex dvd player , i love it ! .
and man . . . i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player . . . because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title . .
the s100 's image quality rates in the middle of its class , but it can still be a reasonable choice for students , families , or small businesses looking for an ultra-portable camera that weighs less than half a pound with media and battery pack .
6 . play game boy color games on it with go boy .
games -- not really important , but exist ant
i 've connected the phone with two laptops and a ipa 4155 .
1 ) great audio quality overall .
since batteries do run out on everything , this will also be a big money-saver since ipods , rivers , rca , dell , all have built-in batteries that need to be replaced by a technician ( apple charges 100 bones for the battery replacement ) .
many people have written about the software being its one downfall , personally i have n 't had a single problem with the software , i 'm running windows me .
by far this seems to be the best value out there for the money ; . if you are undecided , the creative zen micro seems to be the best choice .
you can also assign special rings and graphics to special people when they call .
it 's a great looking , easy-to-use device but it 's the sound quality which is truly amazing -- far better than my sony mini-disc player .
however , the battery life is good enough you should n 't be overly concerned with turning this phone off .
i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptable period of time for something to work .
unless you have an enormous music/audio book library , the 20 gb model should have more than adequate storage capacity , with a stated ability to hold 5000 songs .
in conclusion , this player is beautiful .
now this router is not the cheapest on the market .
what i really like about- its quite , it can handle my workload and it was so cheap that i can throw it away and buy another one without blinking .
creative has excellent music software , a very responsive tech support group ( they are quick on firmware updates , and make them publicly available ) , and usually a good array of accessories .
good image quality .
+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit
00% good though , and the zen does have a few drawbacks .
"2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called "" unknown . """
- solid , high-quality construction
the screen is large , defined , and easy to read , and the silver unit is naturally cool .
this new click wheel ipod allows you to navigate through the menus and song via a touch-wheel for scrolling and click-able buttons for selection .
it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n 't cover up the ac jack .
) creative , inc . the maker includes the barest of the bare minimum in the box , then through gross profiteering nickles and dimes you on every single accessory at extraordinarily inflated prices .
1 . the diaper champ doesn 't require special refills that are expensive and hard to find ! .
6 . the zen nx battery requires the ac adapter to recharge ; . it does not charge by usb cable ; . this is not tragic , but usb recharging would be a convenient ( additional ) choice .
opening the champ to empty out the bag is a little tricky- i pinched my thumb a few times before i got the hang of it .
the bass treble the sound detail is aw some .
i recommend t-mobile and the nokia 6600 without reservation .
seems to work great .
6600 looks and feels nice .
overall : small , sounds great , and less expensive than apple 's overpriced ipod ! .
it would spin , read , spin some more and then show on the display that there was no disc .
then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all .
my old sony ericsson t610 has this feature .
apple has definately fulfilled its reputation in making quality equipment , and surprisingly wasn 't as expensive as its reputation normally holds .
the eax settings are somewhat superfluous but not really a negative .
this camera also has a great feel and weight to it .
the zen lives up to the audio quality i love and expect .
although it has chubby hips , the device isn 't really so big .
love the speaker phone .
this camera is closest to perfect than any other diagram that is 4-5 megapixel .
compared to other leading dd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops .
there are really easy directions for setup and fiddling around with the picture , zoom etc .
i have a modern pc with lots of speed and memory , but this firewall just brought it to a halt .
) the zen micro appears sturdy and well constructed , hefty , if you will , far better than many of its competitors . .
hard drive screws up occasionally
knocked 1 star off for the install wizard - it wasted alot of time running it .
one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing .
after getting one for christmas from amazon , i 'm now a believer : the digital elph is truly the world 's smallest digital camera that shoots great pictures .
this camera is perfect for the person who wants a compact camera that produces excellent photos in just about any situation .
with the enormous numbers of diapers that you go through with a newborn , it was great how easy it was to dispose of the dirty ones .
am i ever glad that i decided on this camera ! .
i upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with installation on my sony vaio laptop ( xp operating system ) .
this is one of the nicest phones nokia has made .
i like some local stations , stern , and npr , and so the radio seemed like a great option .
all you have to do is click one button on the router configuration window and the router automatically senses the devices and configures the network .
i have n 't messed with the firmware at all , the player worked perfect for me right out of the box .
it seems like the software is just not responding .
b ) the lens cover is surely loose , i already accidently finger-printed the len a few times , and au lens ti gt and cause potential damage .
i have ice age and it keeps telling me no disc .
"my "" fast forward "" button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go ."
what disappointed me is the fact that it does not seem to read certain dvds .
the touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other times the slightest brush causes something to be selected that you don 't want .
the design , as mentioned above , is sleek , cool and trendy ( and i think trendy = good , but it 's always hard to tell these days ) .
anted to rate the router higher than 1 star , due to its security , easy of use , etc .
we have been using our diaper champ for almost 14 months now and we are very happy with it .
progressive scan player for a relatively low price ( although the better known manufacturers like toshiba , pioneer , and panasonic are now offering lower-priced progressive scan players as well ) .
the touchpad is great once you get used to it , and i much prefer it to standard buttons or scroll wheels ( as on the dell dj for example ) .
i took it to my father 's house to play a tom jones concert dvd and he loved the player so much i gave it to him .
"i recently had to run a 3/4 "" straight bit through hard maple to make a deep dado and was amazed that this machine didn 't even slow down ."
i have had this player for 3 months and have been able to see a total of 6 dvd 's , after the frustration and aggravation of getting the player to do it 's job .
i must say , this one is quite slow to open an application .
it is light enough to carry around all day without bother .
my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n 't have them .
the power is incredible , it cut through md and plywood like butter .
the signal to noise ratio ( the ratio of detectable , useful data to unusable garbage in , say , a radio wave ; . a larger stn ratio is better ) is nice and high at 98 decibels , and it should be noted that apple refuses to release the stn ratio of any of the ipods .
4 ) the viewfinder is bordered lcd skying .
i discovered that the camera has a manual mode that gives you total control over exposure , white balance , flash ( red eye , person against bright background , flash on , flash off , flash automatic ) .
when talking the voice is not very clear .
"when i tried to install the second dvd player in my brothers house , that one didn "" t work either ! ."
i 've tried leaving questions on their site never to have them answered .
the entire unit was poorly crafted .
i tried the cd setup program without any luck .
the flaw is inside the zen .
i try navigating using the player 's built in menu , and it still would n 't work ! .
so much packed in a small case and very affordable ! .
no down time , great signal strength .
while transferring songs to the player , the interface has crashed a few times ( 4-5 times in a 4-5 hour period ) normally this would cause me major concern , but it appears that this bug is reproducible , which leads me to believe that creative will fix it with a patched version shortly ( or maybe it 's just my computer ) .
it it is a bit heavy for hand held work , but any router this size will be .
the small size is perfect for my little hands , but may perhaps be uncomfortable or awkward for a bigger person .
thank you apple ! . you make fabulous products .
in any case , navigation by artist / album is ok however i miss an ability to navigate by folders .
i also did n 't like the way it displayed information way down into the screen when you are in zoom mode .
well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) .
however , setting up using the quick start instructions was a breeze .
the build quality shows why its so cheap - small scratches on the base plate , something that you would n 't see on a sony and an overall plastic feel
at 128 the songs sound very good .
there is much which has been said in other reviews about the features of this phone , it is a great phone , mine worked without any problems right out of the box .
it works well with my vip adapter , which is also a linksys .
honestly , i love this player .
i found it very useful for transferring large files to another computer .
imagine my disappointment , though , when the zen micro proved able to play only the mega-strongest fm signals in my area .
the nokia 660 runs the symbian os , which works pretty well for most standard phone fare , most of the stuff is not that intuitive , but if you actually learn how to use it all , there 's plenty of neat tie-ins .
also , not liking the gel case .
extremely convenient .
dont rely on t-mobile rebates .
this router acts as a wireless access point , 100 mb switch and a router making it a nice multipurpose device .
2 ) no games - it has a cool screen - why not use it .
one other plus is that napster now supports this device via their software .
well , i have an ipod mini - and i really like it , but all in all , i like the zen micro more .
it took me about an hour to set up a wireless environment in her townhouse and she hasn 't called me yet with any problems .
"from day one , we 've had hangups , crashes , glitches , continual reboots , long shutdowns due to "" cc app . exe "" program running which is a norton program ."
it 's low profile , space saving design looks nice .
photos are pretty darned good ! .
6 ) the phone is really wide , which seems to be a turnoff for many people , but the phone is actually easier to grip and feel more ergonomic .
in short , the nokia 6600 is an evolution but not a revolution .
the blue backlit lcd looks really neat and is easy to read .
when the overall image quality ( especially natural colours , details , natural looking of the pictures ) is the most important thing , then this camera its top notch and very impressive .
decent battery -- on the average size , but the 40gb comes with a dock .
imagine my shock - and absolute instant disdain for any products made by apex .
the only reason for not giving it 5 stars : the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player , but in real life i can probably get 6-8 hours at most .
i love the es based controls and easy menus .
however , my hard drive did fail , and i have not dropped it once .
there are lots of interesting features included such as eax , and customization .
they are not wow able good .
it is small , unlike my canon slr , so it easily fits in my pocket .
this fixes some glitches such as the player freezing .
their network coverage is very sporadic , and the network always seems overloaded , resulting in very unpleasant calling experience .
there is no fm tuner , while there is no fm tuner on the creative zen ( on the micro version of the zen there is a tuner ) , the iriver h10-20gb , the rio karma , and the audio x5 have fm tuners .
if you haven 't noticed , they designed it so that you can also take vertical pictures when you do the self-timer .
it sure does ! .
the ipod comes formatted for the mac , but within seconds of plugging it into a pc , is automatically reformatted for windows . ( the hp version comes with windows formatting , and takes seconds to change to mac . ) although the ipod can be changed from one format to another , you will lose all of your music and data when doing so .
the diaper genie needs it 's own refill bags in order to work and that 's just more money that you don 't have to spend .
its well made and user friendly .
when i opened the box , i was shocked by the size of this thing . . . it 's tiny ! .
fyi , battery doesn 't die if you don 't use lcd
i don 't know , maybe i got a defective one but first , the player would not shut off , next , the player would not come on - i had to send it away to get repaired .
it 's rechargable and supposedly easy to replace though i haven 't had to do it yet of course .
great colors , pictures and white balance .
when i purchase software , i never want to have to spend hours looking up solutions to my install problems -- in particular solutions that involve manually setting driver preferences or editing the registry ! .
just too numerous to list : fm radio , which has weak reception , but at least it there , and a microphone , to name just two .
the player hangs up on file transfer every once-in-a-while , prompting a reset .
operating its many features is easy and often obvious - i 'm no annie levitt's , but i was able to figure out most of its abilities just messing around with it at a camera store .
the creative zen micro is a zen micro killer , not an ipod killer .
both the antivirus and firewall are integrated into one piece of software and they update together .
one : it 's size : it 's smaller than the ipod mini , and holds more music ( 5gb to the ipod mini 's 4gbs ) .
i really love this phone . . .
it 's the same body as the popular elp2 aps camera ( take a look at a standard credit card from your wallet and you 'll have an idea of the front profile ! . ) .
i did like the heft of the machine .
"it took several days of attempts before things finally "" worked "" again and i have n 't a clue why ."
i do not count this as a negative , however , because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the price for what you get this router is way too good to pass up ! . ! . ! .
overall i 'm incredibly impressed with my new zen touch .
its not a perfect system but its a very good one .
the sound is bright and clear , the ability to store any mp3 's ( and not just apple-approved files ) is great , and i plan to make use of the storage space and sound recording from time to time .
sound settings can be adjusted for personal preference .
the only downside i see is that it does n 't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer .
feature wise , its a lot better than the dlink and netgear routers out there .
price , along with the replaceable battery ( which i understand apple charges a small fortune to replace - as well as the hassle of returning it ) were the two main factors on why i picked the nomad .
it is very light weight and has a good signal strength .
i also removed the springs in the plunge tubes to make it easier to raise .
easy to use : a lot of reviews has mentioned about this
definitely a great camera .
buy this if you like mental challenges or trying how to pick locks .
the unit works great with my cassette adapter for my car & is also easily worked without taking your eyes off the road ! .
it is amazing that the battery lasts so long when the phone is so small and light .
4 ) the camera gets really hot when you are busy snapping away .
it practically plays almost everything you give it .
first thing i noticed was that the creative wasn 't well made .
you have to wonder why creative can 't get this right .
it 's not my first choice in cameras ,
there technical service isn 't helpful either ; . they just read what 's on their website and charge you $50 ( + toll fees ) to do it .
they 're pretty comfortable , stay in place and deliver a decent audio quality .
its nice look is also a plus .
i 've always liked symantec products , except for this version 2004 .
start up , log off , log on . . . everything became very slow .
for the most part this is a good dvd player .
the reception and sound quality are top-notch .
i am an it professional and have used norton for years , but this product is a complete and utter dud .
the function lever - the one which switches between capture and view mode feels fragile .
although the sd500 takes great quality photos , the sensitivity of the lcd compromises the quality overall .
other than that pictures taken in the dark are not as nice as i 'd like them ,
- audio formats : supports both mp3 , wma . . . and yeah , wav too .
p . s . the only snag i encountered while initially configuring the device was trying to hook up the micro to a front usb port . the bus for the front port on my motherboard did not have enough power ; . after connecting it to the rear ports , it works perfectly .
the only things i have found that i havent liked is that the lcd is hard to read in daylight but everyone else's is too .
it also costs a lot less than the ipod .
the setup was very easy .
the depth adjustment was sloppy .
it has lots of little cute features , my favorite being the games and the pim ( personal information manager -- i . e . organizer ) , and the radio ! .
i think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program .
the dynamic range seems not quite as good as the kodak dc260 .
i love the rounded edges now , fits so much better in a pocket , jeans or suit .
after research of other creative hard drive players , i found that most of them aren 't very durable and tend to crash ( read most reviews on amazon . com and see for yourself ) .
and best of all , no wasting money on special refill bags -- -this takes ordinary garbage bags ! .
connect the player to your computer ( via usb ) , open up mediasource , and you can listen to your stored mp3s as they stream directly from the xtra ! .
the 2600 had false silver plate instead of play display .
the software sucks .
the af feature did a great job converting the letterbox to fill 3/4 of the screen and the image still looked normal .
this is enough capacity and capability to do a complete household inventory , for example .
this holds alot and does not take up alot of space .
there were sharp screw tips on the underside of the unit coming from inside that were obviously used to anchor the internal control board .
7- 360 panoramic pictures are a very big deal .
the program is called nomad and works great for me and seems to cover all the features the included windows software does .
1 ) quite bulky ( it 's about the same size as my minolta vectors s-1 aps slr ) and uses a heavy battery , although not very solid as it is contracted mostly of plastic ( unlike canon 's elph line )
"1 ) frame freezes and the family yells , "" dad ! . somethings wrong with the dvd player ! . come quick ! . """
- uploading music is quick and easy .
remote buttons are small and closely spaced , especially with the menu buttons .
some more manual control would have been nice .
unfortunately i bought a player because the ps2 could n 't play all my dvds , and now the player can 't play everything .
also , the instruction manual is very bad .
there were many times when i clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens .
a larger memory card and extra battery are good things to buy .
the look & feel : i have the black one and the contrasting neon blue on the buttons add a very nice ambiance .
you can take pic of your friends and the picture will pop up when they call .
one bad thing though , i find the remote-control a bit flimsy and i predict it will most probably ' die ' before the player does .
transfering - i could not get my songs to completely transfer via usb 1 . 1 or 2 . 0 .
the lcd screen pulls out and rotates in any direction for easy pictures .
this is my second digital camera , but i 'm much more impressed with the canon s100 digital elph than i ever was with my kodak dc240 .
but for what i do use it is perfect .
the handles make it very comfortable to use and i experience little vibration .
sure , it slows it down a little , but that 's expected .
i 'd recommend this is you want to wireless network your laptop , but if you want to wirelessly network a couple desktops together you might want to wait until linksys improves their desktop software/hardware .
the machine is very light and slim and fits nicely into my tv stand .
i felt better with this one since it had the shuffle feature and i 'm not too keen on www . ipod's dirty secret . com .
sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization .
the high resolution screen is easy to read and has a backlight .
i was surprised to find that not only could this dvd player play mpeg2 format which allowed me to stack 2 movies on a dvd , but it also was able to play vb files which i created with smart ripper .
best of all the wmas ( i have a lot of them ) sound great .
i do not need to repeat what 's great about this phone .
the hitachi m12v is a dream to work with , smooth starts , adjustable speeds , micro-adjustable depth , and plenty of power to spare .
the software that comes with it is amazing and the online service that comes free is really very neat . clean clear and well focused on over 95 % of all photos taken by a beginner .
it offers way more features than i need but the ones i use work well .
first , the cons . . . a tad bulky . . . not the most aesthetic looking player . . . and does n 't support a folder structure .
if you have no previous version of nortron security on your system , or nortron antivirus , the installation will go fine , otherwise dig in and in to do a major registery clean up ! . the old programs will leave a trace that will mess up the new installation , even if you uninstalled the old programs perfectly .
am so glad i bought this camera .
there is no odor and it is very easy to use .
handsfree future is good , but not too exciting .
the clarity is unbelievable , which means you can cram almost the full 2 , 5 ! .
can recommend the hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on amazon it is a bargain .
i 'm not sure why all the bad reviews , my computer isn 't especially slowed down and i have win '98 .
( every now and then i spray down the inside of the pail with lysol ) *easy one-hand use *impossible for my inquisitive child to get the dirty diapers out of the pail every now and then odors do escape the pail , but that is rare -- and it usually just means that we 've crammed too much in there and need to change the bag .
sound quality is amazing . i was expecting worse , but its really good ( especially if your files have good sound quality ) .
the sound is awesome , but if u put it too loud , depends on your sound quality , the sound might crack .
both of the problem dvd 's would repeatedly freeze during playback , while the counter on the player kept going .
on the fly play list creation , address book , removable storage drive capabilities , sound recorder , the list goes on people , this thing is literally so chalked full of goodies , it was like halloween all over again .
i just received my 40gb zen xtra yesterday and i 'm extremely pleased with it .
nice and small and excellent when it comes to downloading games , graphics and ringtones from www . crazy cellphone . com
-user 's guide doesn 't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website .
i gave it only 3 stars due to the fact that the 1st one broke when i dropped it from a fairly short distance ( less than 2 ft ) .
the g3 looks like a work of art ! .
transferring files couldn 't be easier thanks to the included software bundle .
basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don 't and won 't need ( if you do get yourself a pda or pocket pc ) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches .
and , when you think about it , it 's insulting that norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase , whether on the phone or online ( what if your computer is down ? . ) , should have equal priority .
this really is a great little phone ; . its got nice features , a beatiful screen , great ergonomics , and its tiny ! .
"very good "" every day "" camera . fits nicely in the pocket of my jeans and takes quality photos ."
the zen xtra sounds great with good headphone and well re cored mp3s .
have had the nokia 6600 for a year now and am generally very happy with it and with t-mobile .
in minutes i was easily navigating through the menus .
"i know the saying is "" you get what you pay for "" but at this stage of game dvd players must have better quality than this - there is no excuse ."
along the way we compared it to my wife 's t720i and the 6600 was superior in terms of battery life , connectivity bars and features .
i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time .
so , don 't buy this or upgrade .
audio is mono and fairly acceptable , quiet also with little distortions .
setup in xp was instant and intuitive .
in low light with flash i found it clear better then the sony p200 ( too much red , colours overall not as natural but fewer red-eyes ) .
with the right firmware , drag and drop to and from the player like any other jump drive .
and , other else , the camera is still vga .
the prints are beautiful ! .
they obviously have quality and reliability problems .
for the price and features it is really good .
all-in-all , this is another excellent creative product .
ks almost without fail , no matter what your taste in music is : from relaxation music to hard rock , to hip hop , to korean and japanese , to afro-cuban and salsa , jazz , blues , country and pop , this feature performs well .
also , the lens cap design is flawed .
even after reading some of the instructions , it 's still hard to figure out .
the hitachi has plenty of power , runs smooth , and cuts effortlessly through maple ( with freud bits ! . )
it is heavy enough to make it stable , but not too heavy to preclude hand use .
canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out .
hold button -- suprisingly not all mp3s have this ; . this allows you to have all the buttons unusable , so that you don 't accidently hit something in your pocket .
to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod .
sometimes , it needs few minutes to open an application .
the setup works awesome , as with any tool i look closely at the individual tool for it 's merits , and not just the company as a whole .
it 's oftentimes hard to get a good grip on the router , activate the chuck lock , and get enough muscle behind the wrench to get the collet loosened up .
the only two things that stop me from giving it 5 stars are the ho-hum software that comes with the system , and the traveling case it comes with .
additionally , it has more fun stuff like more tones , wallpapers , screen saver , stop clock , alarm , java applications ( chess , currency converter etc . )
"seemed like a good deal , but this pps frequently can not recognize dvds and music cds -- takes a long time loading and then concludes , "" no disc "" ."
i still have over 19gb left , and already have over 200 cd 's on it .
took hundreds of pictures and they were great .
i am very pleased with my purchase .
but this is * not documented * in the zen manual - neither the hard copy nor the cd version .
i would recommend this camera unequivocally ! .
bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent .
whether you 're taking a brisk jog , waiting for a bus or just having lunch at the park , you 'll be glad you had the fm radio .
the creative labs zen xtra has all the features the i-pod has and if you get if from amazon your only going to pay $ 300 for this great player .
diaper champ is by far the best diaper pail ! .
the software you get with this camera is perfect .
i love the camera .
i 've been using nis 2004 for about 2 months and it works well .
though nearly a dozen different people at both t-mobile and nokia have told me otherwise , it is simply not possible to use this phone as a bluetooth modem for the vast majority of pdas and many other devices .
if you are looking for an upgrade , this is definitely the phone for you .
it can be frustrating and messy when you put that last diaper in before realizing the unit is full .
especially for the price amazon gives it at ( i was unable to get mine through amazon due to some credit complications ) .
still , at least from my perspective , a great camera for the money , and i 'm a happy camper ! .
my brother had an old linksys b band wireless router in his home and it was like magic .
the blue backlight is pretty cool .
it had issues right off the bat , with freezing up , staying in 'shutting down ' mode , and just not functioning very well in general .
i experimented with online print ordering with the two major us brick and mortar retailers , and they both delivered great results .
the software that comes with the digital elph is very nice and intuitive .
the software , which comes with player is not good at all .
2 ) the delay from the time you fully depress the shutter to the time the picture is taken is too long and may yield some fuzzy shots .
purchased the ad-2600 about a month ago and have had numerous problems with it .
the player itself has all sorts of problems .
battery life is ok .
so , i was one who was ready to give it 5 stars with no complaints at all .
night mode is clear as day .
finding all the albums , songs etc is much easier than you would think it would be even if you have 20 gig ( well 18 gig ) worth of music .
it has a nice color screen .
linksys quality and tech support have been outstanding .
also the battery life isn 't great but it 's sufficient for my needs .
have had the player since xmas's and love it ! .
each of the 4 lasted less than six months .
unit took forever since the beginning to recognize and play discs .
i am impressed with this camera inside and out .
it has an equalizer , but the iriver h10-20gb has a lot more presets than the ipod .
even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good .
it is great sounding , even with the supplied earbuds .
some dvd 's i rented would not play .
the only problem i had was a small glitch with t-mobile .
- the cover that came with it did n 't fit very well
having used it for more than a month , i can say that it consistently produces topnotch photos .
the toggle button that is used to scroll is poorly designed and does not work well .
i can 't write enough positive things about this great little camera ! .
i 'm extremely glad i bought this camera .
i 'm currently using a sony vaio s-150 ( which i bought at the end of this past august ) , and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact , i 've taken to just hibernating , rather than shutting down completely .
i must have differing preferences than others here , as i prefer the supplied earbuds to the sony 's that i thought sounded good on other players .
the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird .
i 've been using the g3 for about six weeks and it has proven itself to be all that it 's advertised .
they 're easy to use .
i love the diaper champ , it is really easy to use and since you can use regular garbage bags it doesn 't cost an arm and a leg for refills .
sure it had all the features , but when i tried to shoot a girl 's basketball game it just wan 't up to the task .
all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well .
one cabinet shop has been using one regularly in a router table for 11 years without a problem .
i 'm not overly fond of green but when i used this hitachi m12v it turns out that now i 'm very fond of it .
the eax features are pretty cool , as well , as creative has included a number of eq adjustments that , for example , compensate for the extraneous noise encountered in a car or on a train .
apparently , t-mobile is heavily back-logged and can 't keep up with demands .
the battery life seems good , takes very little time to charge , it uploads mp3s quickly and there is no delay between songs .
i have had the phone for 1 week , the signal quality has been great in the detroit area ( suburbs ) and in my recent road trip between detroit and northern kentucky ( cincinnati ) i experienced perfect signal and reception along i-75 , far superior to at &#38 ; . t 's which does not work along several long stretches on that same route .
still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! .
it 's a bit pricey to call home from other countries but the instant messaging to and from covered countries in europe are quite reasonable .
reliability & build i dropped the player once from about 4 ft , and it fell hard , but kept on playing .
this is the best dvd player i 've purchased .
they are a royal pain to install , and don 't function properly once finally installed -- if you can install them at all .
this router was a huge disappointment .
so i e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question , and got a reply which was totally unresponsive ( it looked as though they didn 't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs ) .
while the ease of use was very impressive , i was put off by the price -- about $ 130 more than what i paid amazon for this player .
the screen is bright , easy to see in the daylight , with nice colors .
in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place .
as with most headphones that come with any type of music player , i recommend throwing these into the nearest river , unless you like having hard , round pieces of plastic in your ears .
too bad they don 't mention anything about how the cd can 't be used with a mac .
i purchased this camera before it went on sale , and while i wouldn 't have minded keeping the extra $$$ , it was definitely worth it .
smooth plunging mechanism .
this is the best camera you can have for digital images if you want to :
"unfortunately , after loading 280 + songs , all i get now is "" player either not connected or busy . """
4 ) buttons are quite small and is really a pain exp if one is fond of text messaging .
it 's also easy to empty out .
i love this phone .
- very long-lasting battery life
i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer .
i also tend to like the sliding cover/on switch found on many compact ps cameras since it 's much faster and easier to power on if you need to take that instant shot .
again , this is a design flaw in the headphone ! .
this phone is a winner . . .
also , diapers tend to stay in the middle , causing the pail to get backed up .
removable and cheap battery - a li battery usually works properly for 1-3 years .
it 's so small and light , even with a spare battery , you really can take it anywhere .
the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry .
i just hooked it up and everything seemed to be going fine .
i recommend unreservedly the powershot g3 to any potential buyer looking for a first-class digital camera at a reasonable price - there is no better camera out there - period ! .
the internet functions of the phone - wap and gprs - will only work through t-mobile 's services , because they have deleted the menu options that would enable you to configure the phone to be used on a different network .
i tried disabling the various components provided with this product , paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service . . . and saw no improvement .
it 's a highly rated , kick ass firewall program that 's bundled with the venerable norton antivirus , plus extras ( like norton antispam & norton parental control ) that make this security suite a must-have for people who have broadband internet access .
overall this is the best phone i have ever owned .
touch ups , redeye , and so on are very easy to alter , and correct .
im at full capacity ! . ! . ! . ! . i called syman tic and they said they don 't know why but i should get tech 's support at $35/hr to help ! . ! . i did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes until i hung up ! .
their customer ( www . apex digital inc . com ) service is very poor .
the zoom goes up and down in magnification , which is nice , but there is always a display of the zoom size about one-quarter of the way down from the top of the screen that interferes with viewing at most settings .
but with a low price , comes lower quality .
the first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use .
in the auto mode it functions basically as a point and click , the scene modes are very easy to use and produce good results .
i 've had it for a week now , do n 't regret the purchase one bit , and i never leave home without it .
ive had this phone for a year now - and its the best phone i have owned .
you do not have to waste money or time trying to purchase special bags for the champ .
i 'm glad canon decided to keep the 4mp resolution and improved upon it with new technology ; .
it plays everything , even vcd 's .
despite a critical start , this phone deserves four stars because it accomplishes what it sets out to do ( which is pretty lofty ) . . . does more than most . . . does it well . . . is dependable .
it 's cheaper , holds more songs and is smaller .
the price compared to the ipod is great .
during install , nis would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so .
2 ) the body construction - buttons , casing , etc , are too plastic .
despite this minor disappointment , i highly recommend the canon g3 anyone who is serious about digital photography .
the heavy motor and continuously variable speed control let this router churn through everything i threw at it .
it is the 'first generation ' of the player , and while i still agree that it is a great alternative to the ipod , i think there are many others that would be a much better value for your buck .
works great ! .
not only is it functional and runs super smooth & fast , but it is also eye candy .
this unit was working fine for the 1st month and a half and then the color signal disappeared .
i 'm not gonna go into the features cause if you 're reading this review , you 've probably already looked at them , but i must say the dj feature if very cool and the removable battery is also a bonus ! .
the transmission speed is also quite good , with pages loading very quickly .
the one i purchased for a friend as a gift will not read any dvd disc .
player works and looks great - if you can get the dvd 's to play .
noiseless , lightweight and oh yeah .
t-mobile is trying very hard , and again -- they do have pretty good csr 's .
after upgrading the drivers and firmware a few times and e-mailing tech support for some setting tips it now works fine .
navigation is easy and i found that syncing files from the player to the computer ( and vice verse ) was easy too .
i think it 's great .
its fast-forward and rewind work much more smoothly and consistently than those of other models i 've had .
the stand that comes with it is very useful to prop it up on the desk .
i love this camera .
first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better .
i tried to play the song three times , with no success .
i simply hate symantec . i swear , if i could have physically ripped that software out of my computer with my bare , bleeding hands , i would have .
the handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving .
other than that it meets or surpasses all of my needs and surely won 't disappoint any already established nokia phone fans .
very annoying .
the only downside i have found with this phone is that it is a bit slow to react , meaning when i push the contacts button , it takes a while to load , this is true for almost all the menus and programs on the phone .
the g3 is loaded with many useful features , and unlike many smaller digital cameras , it is easy to hold steady when using slower shutter speeds .
for instance , i made several back-ups of my dvd movies using dvd-r ( w ) and + r ( w ) and it plays the dvds .
it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly .
its easy to use and the sheer fun of being able to use an array of nikon accessories like the telephoto and wide-angle lenses is the proverbial icing on the cake .
the speed control is recessed too far in the housing and required a tool ( screwdriver or dowel rod ) to effect any speed change .
i recommend it to both parents of infants and toddlers .
but i was ready to upgrade and when i discovered that canon was going to come out with an even smaller digital camera with a higher resolution , i had to have the s100 .
it 's oval and . . . nice .
the only thing i do n 't like about this is the cover does suck .
the hole to put the diaper in needs to be larger as i am now using medium diapers ( i have a 3 month old ) and they 're on the brink of being too large to fit no matter how compact i make then and how un-soiled they are .
the canon computer software used to download , sort , upload and manage your digital pictures on the computer is very nice and very easy to use .
it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches .
this year , it seems that i choose my timing perfectly , having discovered the awesome device that is the zen micro .
"difficult navigation - i wo n 't necessarily say "" difficult , "" but i do n 't enjoy the scroll wheel to navigate ."
i get to chapter 34 and everything freezes ! .
the best part about this router is now i have a dhaka server .
this product is way cooler than anything ive used before ( pencilings and maccabees and norton antivirus alone ) .
i 've yet to find the limitation for this hitachi ( my only hitachi tool , by the way ) and quite frankly , i don 't know that i have the muscle to push this machine any harder .
. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image
i love the features on the ipod and the many things you can do with it .
i wash ours out with lysol each time i empty it , and that helps , but when its hot out- well , just be prepared .
i really have no complaints over this unit .
so , i 've had it for a month , and the headphone jack went out .
2 it is easy enough for my grandmother to use .
the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is .
the camera is a dream to operate in auto mode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes .
this model appears to be especially good .
9 3x built-in optical zoom is a lot for this price range .
its a tough one this unless you wanna drive your car over it .
the memory card fit nicely since i also have a pocket pc and it automatically installed a picture software on my pda willa .
otherwise , get a smaller single speed router , which will be much easier to use freehand and is all you need for smaller diameter bits .
it seems to me that after the focus and metering are complete there is quite a lag before the shutter ? .
the service from t-mobile is very good too .
actually , the creative zen micro solves all that .
you can upgrade but then there 's a certain level of trouble involved .
personally , i may never buy symantect products again .
overall , i am very pleased with it .
i 've tried playing all of these discs and they all play great .
capacity is not a problem here .
i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy .
the volume range is great , so you can blast it if you want .
built in microphone is great for recording short voice notes .
but the earbuds suck ! .
i finally decided to purchase this player because it was compatible with napster 2 go . . . . which is a subscription service , allowing me to download as much music as i want for a $14 . 95 flat fee .
8- buttons are little , but if you have steady fingers and deal ed with a casio worst calculator watch , you can deal with almost anything .
sound quality is great , fm tuner is fine , as is the recorder .
i like the auto fit feature = you can stretch wide screen dvd 's to normal .
c ) the scroll bar is a travesty -- enough said
only if we could get one camera in it . .
i have not yet seen any of the usual problems with digital pictures ( purple fringing , etc ) so i am very pleased .
i 'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops i jumped through ( emails , downloads , reboots , a purge and another download , plus reading through the help menu ) a refund should be twice as frustrating .
like other reviewers , installation was hell .
my other nit is that it didn 't include at least some kind of carrying case for everything .
"i was unable achieve a sound quality on par with my simple portable cd player with "" bass boost . """
it 's not a listed feature but , the one thing that sold the unit is that it plays mpeg video .
the battery is nice .
it 's too bad , though , that ! .
before you run out and buy an ipod , understand something : there are reasons the zen is worth encountering this kind of hassle , principally excellent ( for mp3 ) sound quality .
i am able to carry it close to my body , in places where other phones are not so easily concealed .
the 2nd dvd player had a faulty power supply which caused to occasionally not turn on .
the player has its minor glitches like for example when i turn it on , 60 percent of the time , it sis , shutting down , which means i have to turn off , and turn it on again , which is not to my likings .
proven canon built quality and lens .
the general button placement is not very user friendly .
i noticed that the micro adjustment knob and collet are well made and work well too .
besides the one problem , this machine is amazing ! .
also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4 . 99 / mo . ) never works .
apex does n 't answer the phone .
overall , if you know what basic steps to take , it was not difficult to connect , and the s/w worked well to connect .
i actually took a friends word on it and went with this champ when registering and i am glad i did .
it 's a compact , attractive machine and was easy to set up .
the thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome ! .
got way too many blurry pictures .
nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price .
the battery lasts very long when playing music , but writing files to the player drains the battery fast , so you need to have it plugged into an outlet when sending files .
if you buying this player to use with napster to go , wait a while .
don 't care about sunlight : it 's tft .
with all its complicated features , the menus are easily accessible and the quality of the features is great .
what an upgrade ! . ! . ! .
once it froze so bad i couldn 't even use the power button to turn it off , and had to open and take out the battery .
sunset feature takes incredible pics in the morning , and the evening ! .
if this machine just stops on you , unplug it quickly and get out of the way ! .
the ad-1600 did n 't work correctly from the start and the ad-1220 lasted about a week and a half before it started to act up .
1 . pictures wo n 't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable .
it is a fantastic camera and well worth the price .
it gives you the most bang for your buck , period .
it comes with a rechargable battery that does not seem to last all that long , especially if you use the flash a lot .
"if you hold down the scroll wheel too long ( which is common if you have a lot of songs to sort through ) , it will get "" stuck "" rapidly going through the songs and wo n 't stop until several seconds after you let your finger off of it ."
you can use the ob ex file transfer service with bluetooth from linux ( kde-bluetooth provides a nice integration into conqueror for this ) for sending files to the phone .
possibly the biggest advantage this player has ( if price was n 't enough ) is the fact that the user can replace the battery him / herself by opening the lid and popping in the new battery .
only problem is that is a bit heavy .
anyway , this player is a great deal and i really love it .
overall , the g3 delivers what must be considered the best image quality of any current > 4 megapixel digicams , from a detail , tonal balance and color response point of view .
a distinct ipod relation is evident with white colored cables , power plug and the very nice zen case with a white rubber inside covering .
this is my first mp3 player and i am so impressed with what such a small device can do .
with the plunge lift all my bit changing has been done above the table , although i still have to reach below the table to operate the spindle lock ( and , of course , the speed and on/off controls ) .
given that i already have the zen the only reason i am happy with it is because of the notmad software .
for some this might be a problem , but for the price of a 30 gig ipod , you can get a 60gb nomad , the ipod simply pales in comparison .
the camera is as easy to use as a point and shoot , and with instant review on the lcd screen , you can retake any flubbed shots on the spot .
it does n 't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive .
i have come across many other beginner cameras that i prefer over this camera , but the thing you have to keep in mind about this camera is the size .
1 . record around 1 hour of video with phillips camcorder pro .
navigation is so smooth and finding files is a cinch .
- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company .
"on several different occasions it has displayed "" no disc "" with a disc inside ."
one downside : as of this writing , t-mobile has n 't updated their t-zone system to fully support the 6610 .
we resorted to using small plastic bags to store the dirty diapers and dumping them in a trash can and using the diaper champ for wet diapers only .
i , as many others , have waited for many years for the convergence of price , features , size and ease of use to hit that happy center point .
i can 't rate it one star only because when it does work it 's pretty good .
audio on video also lacking .
this phone is very user-friendly , easy to manipulate &#38 ; . very convenient to scroll in menu etc .
short warranty ( 3 months , so i got the extended warranty at best buy ) , occasional freeze up ( easily fixed by popping out battery ) , somewhat flimsy navigation wheel .
this program would not let me send outlook email or listen to audible sample books online .
when i finally got it working , it only worked properly for many a month .
setup is totally breeze and linksys 's web site is pretty easy to navigate .
by cocking the shutter to the halfway position and getting the settings ready to shoot , i was able to produce excellent stop action photos -- contrary to what other reviewers experienced .
this phone has many other features , ir , ; . just to name one , the features above i view as the most beneficial .
it sends discontinuous signals to tv , so the tv has the pictures for one moment and has only the white noise for the other moment .
when you learn how to change some settings , you can make the quality even better
we 've never experienced odor from the pail .
the player looks great , feels great , and sounds great .
and really this is the best phone one could have .
i 'm convinced by my own experience and that of many other people who have posted here who have had the same experience that the product is defectively designed , and will not hold up to normal use .
go for the champ .
the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group .
i no longer use it as a plunge router , only as a stationary or table mounted router .
the menu is easy to use and understand .
compared to musicmatch , the software has a better filing system and easier to use .
i 've dropped the device several times onto hard surfaces , and it still works flawlessly .
usb 2 . 0 - very fast
when you consider expandability ( downloads via computer ) , the numerous features , two transmission programs and multiple storage devices , dependability - this is a phone that isn 't easy to out-grow .
i have no problems with the touch pad ( once the sensitivity is set to low ) and the interface is a breeze to use without even looking at the pdf manual .
to use the creative zen player with a subscription service , you need to go to creative 's web site , and download new software for your pc .
otherwise , it takes very good pictures ; . shutter delay is n 't so bad either .
overall it is a great value .
for example , in auto mode you can 't use the flash redeye reduction , you must be in manual mode for that .
so now it still plays everything , you just can 't see it ! .
before asking for the zen xtra specifically for christmas i researched many different mp3 players but finally decided on this one , and now that i have it i could n 't be happier and i 'm convinced it 's the best one out there .
received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector .
the phone also sports an image gallery ( with option camera attachment ) , a calendar / organizer , alarm clock with snooze , fm radio ( way cool , even if it is just through an ear-peice ) , games , java applications and gprs high-speed internet connection .
my only gripe about the hardware is the buttons .
another plus in my book , no file limits ! .
12 ) big storage - my entire cd collection in one small device ( 5717 songs , 491 albums and counting ) ! .
what a disappointment ! .
awesome for the newbie , though i personally like to fasten every bolt myself .
the infrared is a blessing if you have a previous nokia and want to transfer your old phone book to this phone , saved me hours of re-entering my numbers .
you can set the optical zoom before shooting and than while shooting video adjust a digital zoom in and out however due to the cameras light weight camera shake is a problem to contend with .
. this camera keeps on outfoxing in auto mode with a buzzing sound which can 't be stopped .
6 ) excellent battery life - 14 hours beats ipod 's .
itunes can be downloaded from the enclosed cd or for free from the apple site .
solid food poop is very stinky and this diaper pail doesn 't really contain the smell .
and it 's the largest diaper pail i 've seen without taking up more floor space .
but it is smooth , it is powerful , it is affordable & it has a proven track record .
if you are looking for a user-friendly diaper pail that actually does keep the odor contained , than the diaper champ is the one for you ! .
the plusses are the features , look , good signal and battery life , memory size and robustness .
i 've had to install and uninstall them four or five times so far , and i 've not to get either product working properly .
"update : the finish is more "" mirror "" than silver -- and i like it ! ."
the zen serves as a back-up device as well as a player .
7 . mediasource did not install on my personal notebook .
this player seems to work fine with everything else .
if you are new to the market and looking to buy a symantec software product , save yourself some money and buy the 2003 version .
we got two phones for the t-mobile family plan ( indeed very easy to switch to the family plan ) and one came with a broken headphone ( can hear but can not be heard ) and one died today after less than two weeks of use .
the menus and features are easy to manipulate and access , and it takes silent movies .
i 've read about the issues with the scroll bar , but they must have taken care of that now .
i like the automatic key lock function .
while they all seem to have their own positives and negatives , i picked the zen micro over the ipod mini , because i am not an apple person , never has been - i wanted something that is fully compatible with windows media player .
the sound quality is excellent , except , maybe a * tad * too quiet at times when there are quieter talkers on the other end of the line .
"my jpeg pictures are viewable ( not so sharp and vivid ) on my 27 "" screen but seem not as clear as when i view them on my 17 "" monitor ."
i just purchased this player and i have to say that i love it .
+ screen was good , easy to read
everything shines of quality .
i did it and it was worse the second time around . . . unbelievable .
first of all , i 've never been big on earbuds - they 're just not that comfortable .
the camera is solid , performs well , takes good pictures , and the battery lasts pretty long if you disable the lcd viewfinder .
ultimately you will learn just how bad nokia is , and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved .
all in all i am pleased with the router .
"there 's even an equalizer ( under "" settings "" ) that allows you to adjust the sound for acoustic , bass booster , bass reducer , classical , dance , "" deep "" , and electronic ."
i also own a retail store and this little guy easily plugs into my aux slot in the store 's sound system .
it has great battery life , fm radio , excellent signal , hands free speakerphone ( which i have to say is probably my favorite function ) and downloadable java apps .
- great sound ! . i was very impressed , i encode at 192 kbps and the audio quality is great , especially with the better headphones .
if compact size is your highest priority in a 2-megapixel camera , the canon powershot s100 digital elph is a standout choice and aptly named for its diminutive design .
"the player kept displaying "" no disc "" , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! ."
only thing i don 't like about it is slow in changing apps , boot up , and sometime it has problem connect thru bluetooth .
2 . battery life is over 4 . 5 hours , compared to about 2 . 5 hours for the g2 or the 2 hours for most nikon's .
apex ad-2600 runs all the dvd media including dvd + r/rw and dvd-r / rw ( unlike sony or panasonic - one supports only + r/rw and another supports - r/rw ) .
2 . you still have to clean the thing ! . ! .
it takes great pictures , operates quickly , and feels solid .
the ipod is a fine cousin to the early macs and current offerings from jobs and company .
mine is as easy to use as the mini without any firmware download .
to address two previous somewhat negative reviews : ( 1 ) yes , the lens barrel does obstruct part of the lower left corner in the lens viewfinder ; . however , the lcd viewfinder is rather stunning and i find myself rarely using the lens viewfinder .
2 . the scroll button is n 't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select .
i love this camera .
this is the fourth version of systemworks and the second version of internet security that i have used and it has always been a favorite .
all in all , the diaper champ serves its purpose , but it does not live up to its good reviews .
the music is easy to get to ( all of the menus are easy to understand despite what alot of i-pod owners say ) and if you know how to search for an artist by name online , then you can do the same with the zen .
while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones .
i also love that you can flip the device with one hand . . .
( batteries last longer too ! . )
and it is extremely well-priced for what you 're getting .
so far i have no complaints with this player .
( it had locked up multiple times previously , but always managed to work after wards ) this time , the touch screen wouldn 't respond to me and none of the buttons worked .
download it fast to your computer
i sent creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don 't seem to even want to help .
i use it primarily in the provided protective case although i have dropped it about 3 feet from my desk ( by accident ) as well as have played it outdoors in - 30 fahrenheit weather ( by design ) and it has continued to work fine .
the speakerphone works better than any speakerphone i 've ever had .
the only not-so-positive comment i have is about the depth adjustment , it is not easy to micro-adjust accurately .
it would only transfer 30 or so songs , and then come up with an error .
when i saw a high gain ( low price ) antenna was available to the wrt54g router , i thought i 'd happily give up some ( practically unattainable anyway , since you 've got to be in spitting distance from the router ) speed in favor of wider coverage .
the pictures are razor-sharp , even in macro .
thankfully , creative has come through with a product that puts the ipod back in its place .
as far as dealing with network access of other computers this router is pretty good given the price- remember this router is the same one that was released right when the g standard was introduced to the market .
both the on/off switch ( soft start ) and the depth lock are within easy reach of the right hand .
it 's easy to use , and yet very feature rich .
i like it 's shape and it 's keypad and joystick .
where close to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable ( and they included a second one free ) .
sound quality was the same between the two , but the zen did have more sound adjustments with the normal eax features .
the ms scandisk would appear due to manual shutdown and would only scan to the 2nd bar , over and over ( up to 1 hr , i then shut it down and used go back ) .
the screen is bright and ring tones are unlimited .
i 'd give it 4 . 5 stars if possible , but since 5 stars would be misleading , i give it 4 stars .
this camera is bulletproof .
it holds almost a week 's worth of diapers , and you don 't need expensive refills - any kitchen bags work .
its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n 't since with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , etc . like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) .
for last one month my rebate status showing me that my rebate is approved and check is delivered but still i am waiting for check .
durability : not good . first problem , if you haven 't seen the news recently , the ipods are being recalled for battery problems and not lasting the advertised 18 months .
the new canon s300 is 33% larger and 26% heavier than the s100 .
3 ) the lack of an intermediate resolution setting , as other reviewers have suggested , is a problem , but that problem is meaningless with a larger compactflash memory card
i was a little disappointed in the low end .
the ones i 've kept ( porter cables , dew alts , bosch , and this hitachi ) have proven their worth over the years , however , when i need a real workhorse , i grab this router .
i hooked the linksys wireless router up to a broadband connection which is running at a maximum of 700 plus kilobytes on the download e ! .
while i am not happy that a solid state device died after such a short period of time , my quick review of this product space did not yield any other brands that seem much better than linksys .
if you do n 't have tags , it 'll lump all of your tracks into the same directory and they can not be searched via artist or album as the zen does not recognize folders .
- replaceable battery .
the height adjustment works well- not perfect .
all the camera 's functionality is only available ( or selectable ) when the screen is functional .
one beef is the scroll , it does n 't work as well as i 'd like .
5 ) this apex model 2600 will not work with my universal remote control .
the 4300 is a very durable , compact package , and i find nikon to be a brand that i can trust .
lots of flaws , but exceptional sound quality , hd size , and price make it a good buy .
1 no direct firewire to the camera .
poor visibility on the keys .
my op ion is concentrate on what you need now , this product has excellent range , holds a teddy connection , ha sent even drooped one and i have it for more than a month now .
when the router is working it is a very nice machine for the money .
the blue light also makes this player one of the most fashionable in the market also .
sound quality ? . phenomenal .
this way i never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones , i can get whatever i want .
the phones are awesome .
i don 't know why cnet says there is a problem with focus , i have all my pictures sharp and high quality .
the bags attach inside the champ easily and all one has to do is cram the diaper down and flip the handle .
who wants to pay $30 to discuss a defect in a product that just cost $95 ? . ( i also bought the back-up cd ) .
there are number of downloads needed/available for this phone & they will be text ed to you at no cost .
i never get dropped calls .
i did see the review here and other places about a cracked lcd screen .
the supplied headphones are hands-down better than the mediocre ipod buds .
i had tried to uninstall norton internet security a few weeks ago , and it wouldn 't let me do that either .
the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest .
i would have given this phone 5 stars if it wasn 't for the fact that i would rather use my 3330 to do all the most common things you do with a phone .
so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! .
i took my zen micro with me over the weekend , and was forced to lug my laptop with me on the trip for one reason : to keep the zen micro charged .
simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use .
nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now .
apex is the best cheap quality brand for dvd players .
the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera .
finally , compare the ipod to other players on a cost/gb , and also consider ease of use .
update i knew that i loved the champ , and using the diaper genie at a friend 's house really reinforced that ! .
i added a crank for those times when i need to make fine adjustments , but i seldom use it .
the new drivers on cannon 's site do not help at all but try them if you want they have made me have to use the backup software .
it has plenty of power .
by focusing exclusively on quality rather than excessive marketing , they have introduced a player that can look the ipod straight in the eye and not flinch .
norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from .
all in all , this is the camera for you if you can spare the extra cost in price .
fact is , it could n 't be easier to use .
i am ripping my cd collection into 160 kbps wma files ; . this gives an average of around 60-65 mb per cd , good for about 900 cds in the ~ 57 , 000 mb of free memory available to me .
colors : 10 variety of hot colors made it difficult to choose from .
i find the lack of entertaining games on this phone quite disturbing .
the day finally arrived when i was sure i 'd leave sprint .
that 's when it went from oder less , to odorous ! .
i 've used the corporate edition at work without any problems ever .
3660 had similar features , but that is big in size .
* protective case completely useless as is since it obscures display window .
once installed , however , some of the functions do work ok ( disk doctor , one button checkup , and win doctor ) .
it wo n 't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store bough ten .
small size .
the extra spare battery is just a neat bonus .
with nikon , although picture qualities are as good as any other 4 mp cameras , i 've had the following headaches ; .
have not had any issues with the headphones or fragility .
i almost always get a good strong signal , even in fairly remote areas here in the southwest .
the song quality of the ipod is excellent , and the included ear buds are actually more than satisfactory , for most users .
there are a lot of things i like about it .
it seems to be a little slow when identifying a new disc that 's inserted - maybe 10 seconds of wait .
with one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around , seamless bluetooth sync with microsoft outlook , support for thousands of applications for the symbian platform which this phone runs on ( i own the ir remote , iq and a few others ) , the nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from t-mobile that can claim such a distinction .
i read many reviews on norton i . s . 2004 from a variety of sources ( cnet , amazon , message boards ) and came to the conclusion that nis 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update .
the door would not close .
in noisy environment , it 's hard to hear from the earpiece .
apart from speed , the signal is consistent and works without interruptions , etc .
i must add to the dismay/delight of readers this phone is simply the most groundbreaking phone mankind has ever held .
the sound from the player is ok .
but you can download some really good ones like pac-man or mafia wars .
another problem i had with this camera was the zoom function .
what makes the focus-lock lag time something i can live with is the extreme depth of field obtainable with these point and shoot digicams at f8 .
some movies it played yesterday , it wo n 't play today .
there is no comparison , the champ is easy and smell free , the genie was difficult to use one handed ( which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad ) and there was a def finite odor emanating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn 't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ .
"the "" scene "" mode works well for the remainder of shots that are not going to be in a "" regular "" setting ."
granted , i have only used this dvd player for about 2 hours setting it up for my mom for christmas , but that was long enough for me to find problems with this dvd player .
i 've had nothing but good luck with t-mobile .
- the battery life leaves a lot to be desired .
there are a couple of quirks that were a bit annoying like having to actually press the power button before the tray will open ( my perv . machine did it automatically ) , and the fact that the external display is too small and too faded to read from any significant distance .
it does not only have difficulty playing jpegs , it even has trouble properly playing dvd movies .
but after 10 days , the sound worked , but the video quit working .
price ! .
creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature . .
each battery lasts about 10-11 hours .
after @ 3 months , it stopped playing higher number scenes on dvds .
the phone can use any midi audio file as a ringtone .
"i am seriously considering purchasing another wrench and just not using the "" sliding wrench "" which comes on the router ."
the extended zoom range and faster lense put it at the top of it 's class .
good color and very little needed to correct photos on paint shop pro .
it receives very nice mms pictures from other gsm phones .
apple 's ipod battery replacement service costs $100 ! .
but it ; . you won 't regret it .
i have never had an odor problem ! .
doesn 't have alot of good games on it .
nis 2003 worked like a charm last year .
firewire & usb2 . 0 -- for those fortunate enough to have firewire400 , your in for a real treat with auto sync .
i use the scented bags and even if i don 't no smell ! .
"the two biggest things is the excellent working speakerphone "" unlike the nokia 3650 "" and the superb reception nokia is known for in the gsm phones they make . . ."
considering the price and specs , this might be the best buy out there for a large memory mp3 player .
. images taken indoor were n 't so clear .
- no proprietary headset jack
i did n 't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! .
otherwise , i am extremely please with the creative zen micro 5gb mp3 player .
overall though , i 'm very happy with it and highly recommend it to folks looking for a mp3 player , even if it is to pretend your not a brain dead consumer giving into the marketing hype of the ipod . ; . )
it feels slow to focus , and unbearably slow to shoot .
i haven 't tried to set up any advanced features on the router , but it is not difficult to set up for basic use .
yet after ensuring that all the id3 tags are in order ( with the software which is actually not as bad as people make it out ) it actually turns out to be really handy .
it does n 't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n 't generally have firewire cards themselves .
linksys is more costlier than others and is a home/consumer division of disco .
well flash photos are never great , and there was still a lot of noise .
so far the software for the pc works easily .
i even downloaded the product 's user manual - useless .
first 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor .
i love that you don 't have to purchase expensive refills .
i got a 1gb mmc upgrade for this phone and now i can :
"here 's the brief synopsis : the phone is tiny , cute , feels kind of "" plastic-like "" ( as if it might break ) , but seems pretty sturdy ."
downloads are a snap and quick .
if you want to purchase a real case or container or clip-on carrier for you zen micro , expect to purchase it separately and to dish out big time . .
nice things about the m12v : - in a table , the powerful 3 1/4 hp motor is great - soft start helps a lot to control the beast when you turn the router on - continuously variable speed control - amazon 's price
* removable battery
the mms technology is very well integrated with this phone , which you will enjoy .
just follow the instructions carefully , it 's all based on a cd that has everything you need to get you up and running in no time .
one other issue is that the headphone jack is unique to nokia , so standard headphones will not work .
this is overall the best point and shoot camera i 've used .
"who wants to go through the hassles of loading software onto a "" foreign "" computer just to move over some simple ( * . txt ) files ? ."
even on the low sensitive level , a slight touch can skip or pause the track .
the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) .
now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! .
this camera has canon 's great calorimetry , plus what you see in the lcd is what you get .
the games are decent , but u only get 2 to start off with .
the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily .
the touch pad does take a little getting used to .
the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks .
the 4300 comes with excellent easy to install software i use it on xp and win98 without problem , battery charger , usb and video cable .
verdict : had i not needed something with a tad bit more space , i consider this player fair game .
i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well .
i have to say i 'm also pretty impressed by the user interface for playing jpeg , mp3 and mpeg files stored on cd-rs / dvds .
navigation system - the zen xtra uses id3 tags that are embedded in the mp3 files to organize your songs .
it is versatile and seems to be one of the best .
the battery , as others have said , also seems weaker than creative suggests .
the player usually plays dvd 's , but has occasional problems such as : 1 ) not recognizing a dvd 2 ) stopping a particular point in a movie every time we played it 3 ) not being able to access certain special features on a rental dvd .
the headphone jack failure seems to occur just about when the warranty period is to expire .
pros : huge storage capacity for the price , easy to navigate , can modify existing playlists on the fly , has a removable battery
norton internet security 2004 is one of the more buggy implementations .
i am just in love with this phone , especially after using a more primitive phone about 3 years .
it does well in all aspects of internet browsing .
it 's great to switch to spot metering and actually see it working on the lcd screen .
comes with a installation cd which instructs you step by step to setting up the router .
do n 't buy this player .
"unlike some of the other people who received a "" lemon "" , my dvd player came in perfect working condition ."
sound i 'm no audiophile but i was amazed by the clarity the player had , it was much better than the sound card on my computer and louder too .
the controls are easy to understand and big enough that they are easy to see and use .
i was looking for a phone which synced with mac osx using bluetooth , had decent battery life , could check email , had good reception , nice screen size and was durable ( i break often break small gadgets )
the power , low noise operation , and speed control makes up for the problems i have experienced .
also love waking up to music with attached speakers .
the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun .
i saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and i feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time .
now the bad : 1 ) as usual , battery power not sufficient for daily usu age .
i find this to be a great feature .
little to no networking experience , just in case the automatic cd method has issues .
this is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support .
in my opinion it 's the best camera for the money if you 're looking for something that 's easy to use , small good for travel , and provides excellent , sharp images .
white earbuds ( i replaced those with some shire headphones , big difference ) , a case , a stand , a clip ( which doesn 't really work ) , and a nice little zen micro bag .
what disappoints me the most that a software like that is not cheap gets zero support form symantec , if you want support , they 'll charge you a fee ! .
but like i stated , its better then a trash can , but i 'm not sure if its better then the diaper genie .
but my biggest gripe is still the extremely ugly design .
i have owned this camera for a short time and would n 't give it up for anything .
i would have rated it five stars but for the poor manual .
i chose the g3 because of its reputation for very high quality , clean images .
i only wanted something to play dvds on but this machine has all these other features that i probably will never use but it 's nice to know that there 're there .
start up is so quick
as i mentioned in my first paragraph , it supports wpa security , which is far superior to wep .
this is truly a clydesdale among the industry 3hp+ router workhorses .
it has a cardboard slip cover with a nice layered box casing inside .
i wanted this product because i didn 't have to buy special bags for it and it also came highly recommended .
it worked from 12-26 to 1-9 at which time the picture failed completely ( see other negative reviews-my unit was n 't the only one this happened to . )
i would however highly recommend the m12v router ! .
i finally got a free support number for norton through my usp support staff , but waited an hour or more for a voice .
4 . the build is just right .
my daughter is only 4 months old and we do notice an odor .
so easy to set up , had some problems with my archos .
so far the dvd works so i hope it does n 't break down like the reviews i 've read .
when i played back a symphony orchestra you would swear that you were seated dead center in front of the orchestra - it 's that good ! .
it does play a wide range of formats as advertised which is very nice .
if you 'll only read the whole manual , you 'll find out even more cool features and you 'll learn how to manipulate the quality you want to achieve and all those modes will make sense after reading
i tried to use the fm radio option , but it doesn 't seem to really pick up the stations i listen , however i am going to try it in a different location , it may have just been my residential location .
after 57 pictures total the lcd went black except for the icons showing the settings .
the lcd screen is too small since there are so many cameras that have larger ones .
this phone is one of the milestones in the history of the cellular phones .
there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient .
this player is absolutely phenomenal , i haven 't had any problems , and if you 're worried you will have problems , i suggest buying it at a retail store that has a good return policy but anyways . . . i find the touch pad very easy to use , and i 'm surprised so many people have had problems .
1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera .
nokia makes a great phone , that 's clear .
the optical and digital zooms combine to give an effective 4x zoom .
but , the creative zen micro is plagued by a serious , serious stupid and elemenatary design flaw , and i 'm going to tell you what it is . . . but first , two more things about this piece of garbage that 's so great and could 've made it a potential ipod killer .
video output stopped working .
i found that to be the most impressive thing about the ipod 'mini ' - basically for ease of use , and the feel it gives .
i took it out one day and the lcd was not working .
the router has plenty of power for any type of bit or wood i need to cut , and the speed control knob is easy to get to .
the menus are very easy to navigate .
accessing files by artist and album ( i mostly look things up by artist ) is easy and intuitive .
with the automatic settings , i really have n 't taken a bad picture yet .
it is a nice router in all ways but one .
many other reviewers are mentioning that they have had no problems at all> i would say that the main problem is that this player is just not made very well .
i use it for ripping cds , which it does a pretty good job of .
getting the program to install properly has been a living hell experience .
i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all .
the software included is an easy installation and you have the option of using the creative software , windows media player 10 , or simply windows explorer to move music back and forth between your zen touch .
excellent diaper disposal unit .
i got this phone yesterday and didn 't find any problems with it yet .
but , i would definately recommend this phone .
no one has ever come to my house and noticed 'diaper odor . '
the instructions that come with it do n 't explain how to make things simple .
( we wrap them nice and tight ) *we use our regular kitchen trash bags -- cheap ! .
i have shopped with amazon before and have been very happy with their performance thus far .
"i had a question about the pros and cons of turning off the norton firewall vs . the windows firewall , and waited 45 minutes to speak with a tech support representative because i did not have a "" customer priority id number . """
2 ) scroll button / switch
also , for those that complain that the diaper champ isn 't as effective as time passes , keep the following in mind : as babies get older , their diets changes ( aka solid foods ! . ) and so does the smell of their diapers ! .
as it turns out , this is an awesome camera ! .
the creative mediasource software that comes with the zen micro is cluttered , and excludes my favorite feature in itunes , the ability to automatically copy everything you import into a certain folder .
it is a multifunction phone , reception quality is better than the 610 .
i can connect to my computer via bluetooth to transfer images , calender events , contacts and anything else .
the bottom line for me is that i am very happy with this product .
the sound quality is excellent , accessing the music is easy , and the controls are generally well thought out .
this thing is trash .
the software has been installed on windows 95 , 98 , 2000 and xp and i haven 't had any problems with it .
i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet .
i still have my s70 because i like the wider lens sometimes , but in general , if you are looking for a small camera with the whole package , the sd500 is the only one you should buy .
enjoy .
excellent sound i mean the player has juice .
2 ) music organization is based on id3 ( by genre , artist , album , etc . ) and this can be a problem for older downloaded music files with missing or incorrect id3 information .
after two weeks the picture kept freezing .
you must keep double checking depths .
it is no more heavy than any other powerful router and not as bad as some porter cable models i tried .
these include : mp3 , wave , wma , wma pro , and wma loss less ; . it is very user-friendly simply by right-clicking the file ( s ) to be converted .
bottom line : if you value excellent sound quality and the ability to use music subscription services , and are willing to deal with the possibility ( not the certainty ) of setup gremlins , by all means get the zen micro .
power for the tech-savvy , ease of use for the less fortunate .
great features . . .
* does not provide enough volume when connected to larger headphones , or external receivers ( car radio ) .
digital zoom is clear too . . . say you used all 3x optical zoom , try to do digital zoom then . . . just try not to shake the camera at all and you 'll still get a clear good quality picture
the headphones are not very comfortable , but most people have a certain style they like so just go buy new ones or keep the ones you have .
i enjoy getting use to the touch pad .
so once i worked out the problem with the software this mp3 player is worth the money it cost .
i dont especially like how music files are unstructured ; . basically they are just dumped into one folder with no organization , like you might have in windows explorer folders and sub folders .
the new router came with an updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process .
i 'm sure i don 't use it to the degree of some of the other purchasers , but i really like it ! .
it is slow to initially start up , but once it 's turned on , i 've never had any complaints about the speed .
i 've had this thing just over a month and the headphone jack has already come loose .
a ) the picture quality ( color and sharpness of focusing ) are so great , it completely eliminated my doubt about digital imaging -- - how could one eat rice one grain at a time : - ) )
the sound quality is excellent and the speaker phone couldn 't be easier to use .
the case is strong and stylish , but unfortunately lacks a window ( now a big deal ) .
the smooth operation variable speed and a set of good masada bits will provide just the right combination for great predictable results .
i think the interface is great .
even leaving it on the default setting ( without the eax enhancements ) produces crystal clear playback .
sound : exceptional , though i can 't really compare it to the ipod .
canon 's g3 does it consistently .
its steel backing picks up fingerprints and scratches easily , not great from a cosmetic standpoint .
it 's still one of the smallest 2mp digital cameras on the market , and absolutely one of the best-built most stylish cameras ever .
all in all , this is a wonderful device .
the latest of internet security has antispam function that is helpful because i has received a mountain of those these days .
there was occasionally a lip-sync issue ( the lips were n 't moving in time to the dialog ) .
features : click wheel to navigate ; . ability to work with windows or mac ; . optional back lighting ( you can have it on all the time , or have it shut off to save battery power after 5 , 10 , or 20 seconds ) ; . ability to download pda info ; . automatic or manual download from itunes when ipod is plugged into your computer .
the more i work with it , the more i love it ! .
the wrt54g offers excellent security features and much more ( and easier ) configuration menu that i didn 't even need a manual to setup correctly .
it has all the features one would need in a cellphone .
bottom line is that at $160 , this is an absolute steal .
battery : a big big plus .
i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing .
when you dial a number , you 'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct .
you can even use the ipod to store files from your pc and export your outlook files to it .
what a kick butt mp3 machine and the freedom to get songs from a reasonable source , instead of paying for them two or three times , then get the creative zen ipod killer , kiss my ass itunes ! .
within one month , my player completely died .
overall the phones fantastic , and i would have given it 5 stars , but its not perfect .
this is my first digital camera , and i am very pleased with it .
the plunge action isn 't smooth unless you make it so .
there is also no voice recording , something most if not all mp3 players have that the ipod doesn 't .
my only complaint ( really more of an observation ) is that the outside finish of the ipod is rather delicate , so i am going to get a case for mine so it doesn 't get all scratched up .
"at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my "" alias "" dvds as well ."
the sound is amazing .
"the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful "" scene "" mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc . , are endless ."
it has given me zero problems , and the more i use it , the better i become at taking advantage of its strengths .
this phone doesn 't include phone card calling .
the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so .
the only other problem with this router that i have encountered is the plunge action will start to stick , then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated .
the front cover can pop off easily but i always have mine in the case so i did n 't notice after first day .
the view finder shows crystal clear pictures that will look even better when you get them to the computer .
they made the other end of the camera flat so you can put the camera upright on a flat surface if you don 't like to take the usual horizontal pictures using the self-timer .
the pics can be touched up in photoshop , and be printed at 4x6 and they look great ! .
the scroll wheel is easy to use and works great for me , however many have complained that the wheel is cumbersome and difficult to operate .
it is not reliable .
the dual antenna is a plus and the design is slick .
when it came down to it , the price on this player is hard to beat .
being a creative product the playback quality is unbeatable .
the white-led backlit lcd is very bright and crisp , even in sunlight , and relatively easy on the battery .
no need for deodorizers .
but be prepared to buy something else ( diaper genie ? . ) which can trap the odor better .
the dvd player is fine .
this dvd player plays raw mpeg2 and mpeg1 videos , jpeg , wma , cmdr / cadre / dvd / dvd , and of course plays dvd movies from uk . i love the giff , progressive scan feature .
1 it has all the features an amatuer photo-enthusiast would want .
without any tweaking at all , if the exposure is accurate , the colors are as realistic as ive ever seen produced by film , and this is a raw image ! .
in short - nokia themselves don 't know that this phone doesn 't work with the palm , and if you don 't heed my advice you will spend hours with technicians around the globe reading from scripts , chiding you in broken english for not following their directions exactly .
output through component connections looks very good , on my non-hd tv .
this is wonderful to have for your first dvd player .
now it will start smelling if you leave it with diapers in it for an extended period but all of them will ! .
finally , amazon 's free shipping is really getting good , it took only 3 working days for the player to reach me ! .
door broke after a month .
color screen is good .
1-a cell phone is to make calls , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you 'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
it holds quite a few diapers , and pops them in quickly and easily .
sure , this thing is definitely more cost-effective than an ipod .
this one is really great .
battery non-issue .
this is an excellent player , especially for the price , with features that are comparable to and even excel the ipod .
i see many other reviews that say the same . . . . stay away from norton , they don 't deserve you , or anyone ! .
manual functionality is excellent , downloading pictures is quick and a breeze , and the quality is astounding .
my only complaint and the reason i gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren 't as intuitive as they should be .
slow-syncro flash , macro/infinity mode , etc .
this thing does everything but washes your dishes .
i have not even used my new dvd player and already i am disappointed ! .
and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control .
i 've had it for about 2 weeks and it 's the best player i 've seen , and used , ever .
the touch controls took a little getting used to but now i wouldn 't change it for the scroll wheel .
it only read the dvds 10 % of the time , otherwise i would get a no disc screen .
but those 2 come up every time .
these people takes lest effort to process rebate forms .
so far i have used all of the above-mentioned features , and find them well designed , and easy to understand .
the auto-focus on the camera seems to have trouble focusing on the subject .
the music plays awesome , never skips , even if u run for a bit , so you can listen to music without interruption .
the player is fast and sounds great , it also has many options like slowing or speeding up the music , or making it sound like you 're hearing the music in a huge auditorium .
i sent it back , as i think that the speed control is either poorly designed or defective .
first , let me say that i got the 20gb ipod for christmas , and i most likely would not have spent the $300 myself .
it does not have an auto-focus assist light which is nice for taking shots in low-light situations it allows the camera to focus in low light .
) no locked-in proprietary business like apple ; . this baby plays wmas too .
perhaps i bought the micro to be different , the cheaper price tag ( from amazon ) , the design , or avoiding the high ipod theft in nyc subways .
i like to take pictures when i go out at night and perhaps some people would complain that noise levels are high at higher iso 's but i don 't really care that much , i think it gives the pictures a certain real-life quality .
i just upgraded to the linksys wrt54g wireless-g router last month and i am very happy with the quality of the product .
its compact and has rounded edges .
seriously , this thing has everything that a pro or expert amateur could want .
enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n 't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem .
excellent range of metering options as well .
the person on the other end of the call can hear you perfectly .
the phone itself is pretty nice .
most of the other players i checked dont have user serviceable battery .
the pc-side software can be goofy and takes a little getting used to but it 's not as bad as some reviewers have indicated .
there are 2 things that need fixing first is the battery life . it will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons .
sound quality : the ipod 's sound quality is pretty good .
i find that it is stable in my hands and its ' weight actually contributes to that stability .
the player is great .
this process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway .
the internet connection would go down every 5 mins when i used it with a p2p program called bit spirit .
this was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit .
many have complained about the software included but in my opinion it 's easy to use and effective .
i think that for its price compared to the ipod the creative zen is pretty good .
the photo quality is amazing and i know i 'm going to have fun with all the features .
high quality video and pictures rock ! .
apex sucks ! .
it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working .
battery life is exceptional , lasting longer than the 8-10 hours that seem reasonable with most music players on the market .
this is a great product ! .
unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted .
it 's easy to use ( just a flip of the lid , and the diaper is gone ! . ) .
also , the earbuds that came with it sound great but are uncomfortable ( although my wife didn 't have a problem ) , so i bought a pair of over-the-ear headphones .
fits well in hand in trouser pockets .
i love this product ! .
the way you have to shove your fingers under it and pull is just too tight .
one primary reason for getting a cell phone was so that i could use it as an internet connection for my laptop running linux , where soft modem drivers are hard to find , and don 't work very well .
finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier .
this radio receives fairly decent reception but not nearly as good as a normal radio , but as long as the stations are coming in clearly the phone 's radio should work perfectly .
e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage
there will be much erasing of text as , one would tend to type something instead of the actual letters .
another thing i don 't like is that some of the features take 1-2 seconds to load up .
"the canon g3 gives tons of control for photo buffs but still has an "" auto "" mode that makes it very easy for the novice to use ."
the two limitations i knew i would have to deal with are the very long lag time before it focus-locks ( even in bright light ) , and the unsatisfactory light quality of the built-in flash .
it 's size also makes it ideal for travel .
the phone is very light weight .
awesome camera with huge print quality in a tiny package .
. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that .
it was no problem for me to use their software .
i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy .
main dial is not backlit .
the m12v has been great .
who in the hell needs a frigging *vga* camera on their cellphone ? . ? . ? .
a few of my work constituents owned the g2 and highly recommended the canon for picture quality .
ring tones only come with crazy songs and annoying rings , there is only one ring that sounds close to a regular ring .
with 40gb of storage i have about 7 , 500 songs on the player ( everything music file i have is on there ) with room for about 2 , 500 more .
3 . the pictures come out hazy if your hands shake even for a moment during the entire process of taking a picture .
this product is a lifesaver ! . ! .
it would either not play the song at all , or skip wildly , no matter that the unit was resting on my desk .
i find it a bit difficult to manage the very tiny buttons and impossible to read the icons without my reading glasses on .
there is no way the battery supplied lasts 14 hours ! .
works great ! . ! . ! . ! .
the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call .
there were a few attractive features , such as the small size and the layout of the remote .
the touch-pad would be a great thing if it worked well , and as i never had issues getting songs transferred to the player , i did have problems accessing them from the player .
and supply those stupid white headphones .
"if you have an older version of "" internet security "" installed , you may also need to remove it as well before proceeding with systemworks install ."
the diaper champ couldn 't be easier to use .
the backlight on the phone goes off way too quickly ( dangerous when you 're driving at night ) , and there 's no way to change this --
great phone . . .
no more banner ads , pop-ups , and the reliable antivirus .
i do here a constant high-pitched distorted sound , not to mention the volume does not seem to be loud enough .
the battery is also convenient , but could have been better , such as the zen touch 's battery ( but at least this one is removable ) .
this item is exceptional i like the ease of use and it held the odor in great .
i tried to make sense of the file transfer program and just got more confused .
i 'd give it 5 stars if the automatic modes were better and if there were true manual focus and exposure modes .
really happy with this little camera .
i got this camera about a month ago and i can 't put it down .
the lens retracts and has its own metal cover so you don 't need to fuss with a lens cap .
the battery recharges raul fast and the recharger thingy that comes with is real nice .
battery life is not long enough if and only if you take a lot of video clips and play it back on the camera a lot of times . . . the camera/battery gets a little bit warm too when you use it for a long time but it 's normal .
my two main requirements were longer battery life and lower price : i found both .
but this camera is great ! .
the video recorders a bit odd , sometimes i get 9 secs on my recordings , sometimes i get 17 .
but the sound is very good ( and loud ) and works well on my portable speakers .
the 6600 has more amenities than most - world phone , camera ( vga/zoom/night mode/timer ) , video ( w/ audio & zoom ) , speaker ( good sound ) , bluetooth , infrared , modem for computers , electronic wallet , internet access , calendar , calculator , converter and more .
replacement battery is $ 50 compared to ipod 's $ 150 .
this is a must have product for all new moms ! .
you can manage your profile , change the contrast of backlight , make different type of display , either list or tabbed .
the player is smaller than you think .
up , down , left , and right would have given me better control .
i prefer things that are simple .
2 . it can be operated with one hand - leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table .
i will also say that setting up the e-mail account was very simple and straight-forward , although you do need an external smut server to use .
4 . play n-gage games on it .
bluetooth does not work on this phone .
1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more .
getting files onto it is quick and painless .
"putting the micro into your pocket could trigger just about anything ( unless the hold feature is improved : it asks if you want to "" unholy "" for every button up press ) second , i 'm worried about the durability of the player ."
it works great , i am usually at the full 54 mbps , although every now and then that drops to around 36 mbps only because i am 2 floors below where the router is .
other than that it is all the same except the new updates .
the system is terrific in size and design , imo looking better than the ipods .
so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly .
there are extra features packed inside this unit ( some that most will hardly ever use ) such as fm radio tuner , voice recorder , calendar , and alarm clock .
like it 's predecessor , the quickly revised nx , this player boasts a decent size and weight , a relatively-intuitive navigational system that categorizes based on id3 tags , and excellent sound ( widely known to be better than ipod - not surprising considering the number of years creative has been in the audio peripheral business ) .
the creative software is awkward / difficult to use and just plain does n 't load on some computers .
simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point .
i really regret signing up with t-mobile , but i 'm stuck with them for the next 6 months of the contract .
the flaw is in the circuit board that the headphone jack is connected to .
i have tried several times to contact apex digital through their on-line support site and their telephone line , but they wo n 't answer my emails and their telephone line is always busy .
i use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty .
well surely this is a product that i recommend someone in getting rather than any other mp3 player ( at that size and the price ) .
both of them keep disconnecting on me and interruptions are 3 or 4 times per day at best .
software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n 't mind buying notmad .
typically , the problem is the headphone jack -- it was for me and many others .
amazon is awesome ! .
you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder .
what impressed me most was the sound .
and the phone has a very cool feature which allows you to send images via a normal pop3/smtp e-mail account .
the metal housing seems very rugged .
solid , squeak-free , large screen .
1 speakers at home , i rarely use it with the earbuds , though they are much better than the ones you normally get with other mp3 players .
also , it was only $ 39 . 99 ( after rebate ) with free shipping and no tax so overall it is a decent player .
it 's far better than all others on the market .
this is probably your best bet if you are looking for a phone in this price range , or like me , do not have the patience to deal with annoying flip phones .
over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! .
i needed three batteries to keep myself going with the s330 , but the battery in the g3 is a real powerhouse :
i am happy with the fact that i can use any bag in there and dont ' have to pay out the nose for replacements .
many of our disney movies do n 't play on this dvd player .
neat feature for self-timer allows you to record two different warnings .
now that i have all my music on it there has n 't been any more problems .
- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n 't .
there are better cameras but none anywhere near as light and compact .
it does have a lense cap , but it wo n 't let you take pics with it on which is real good .
this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands .
yes , the features are numerous .
i think this is it 's biggest flaw .
the navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy .
creative media source is very easy to use once you get the hang of it , and the file transfers are fast .
. itunes -- this is a love-hate relationship program ; . usually people with mac like this program than people with a pc , but depending on your computer expertise , this could be a difficult program to use , and it is required for an ipod .
in summary , i love this camera and would whole-heartedly recommend this to anyone wanting a high quality point and shoot camera in the medium price range .
this is also the case with nis 2004 .
i 'd be happy to talk to anyone about this camera .
it really is the perfect travel camera , plus it offers the convenience of digital photography .
it came with a good fence that is simple yet precise and thats well made and won 't break .
1 . i achieved my basic objective ; . my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more .
great phone , easy to use , excellent network , no regrets ! . ! . ! .
it 's not as stylized as a sony or samsung .
probably a great phone overall , and perhaps mine just has bugs .
with the champ all you had to do was drop the dirty diaper into the opening and flip the lid .
i have only had this camera for one full day and i have to say that it is wonderful .
it is small enough to fit easily in a coat pocket or purse .
camera quality isn 't bad for the low resolution .
another thing i like about this camera is the way that you can swap colors around and the impressive video quality i would advise any person in the market for a camera to pay the little extra on the hefty $500 price tag and get a quality camera .
great design -- very sleek and touch wheel has still never been successfully copied ( virtual ones are the only competition ) ; . and now the wheel clicks , taking away a lot of headaches from 3rd gen and very navigable in the menus .
i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product .
the machine itself seems fine , but the software that came with it is awful .
the battery holds a charge for a very long time ( maybe 15 or so hours of use ) so realistically there are no real range or endurance issues associated with ipod use .
this is a great product , and canon has done an excellent job .
i like the size and weight of this little critter .
this phone is not suitable for fast people , maybe only for old people .
the bass is deep and the treble is clear .
there isn 't much features on the ipod at all , except games .
i 'm easily enlarging pictures to 8 1/2 x 11 with no vi sable loss in picture quality and not even using the best possible setting as yet ( super fine ) .
only con i can think of is no camera . . . .
this product is by far the best broadband router on the market , i bought this to replace one of those linksys instant wireless b routers , worked great for about a year .
( i knew this before hand , and it is not that bad ) there is no tiff format .
screen review could be better .
the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance .
it is lightweight , sleek and attractive .
the phone offers a 32 mb mmc card and i think that is certainly the most exciting feature .
the micro seemed like an ipod for less .
- light , compact design
8 ) creative mediasource , although not as sleek looking as windows media player , is effective in organizing your collection and is linked to a good cb service ( gracenotes ) .
i use it on a router table , and it is works well .
because of it 's hidden features ( no macro vision , non-regional ) i keep this baby around to watch non-american region dvd 's .
two , the single wrench just doesn 't work well .
"the card basically installed itself and the "" install wizard "" on the cd that came with the router basically set the router up to work with one computer ( with the 54g card ) and also a second computer in my house ( with an 11b card ) ."
it 's a rip off if one buys norton internet security and antivirus .
the picture rs are amazing .
the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad .
however after just one month my headphone jack was broken as a result of normal , every-day use .
when the screen stops working , you 're out of luck ! .
great video clip quality for a digital camera - so much better than my old one ( canon a60 ( ? . ) . . . the 2 . 0 megapixel one ) .
customer service and technical support are overloaded and non responsive - tells you about the quality of their products and their willingness to stand behind them .
i 've now had the camera for two months and i 'm even more pleased with it .
it 's still alive , still kicking , and still playing .
"but at the same time , it takes wonderful pictures very easily in "" auto "" mode , so that even an average joe like me can use it ! ."
this is a great phone i have this phone since feb 04 and i never have any problem at all .
this phone is fantastic .
in addition , i don 't believe that it is odorless .
b . fast mediasource cd ripping - takes about 40 seconds for a cd on my pentium 4 pc ( 2 . 4 hz with 1gb ram ) with 52x drive .
i can use it as a modem for my computer , connect with clients and friends , the possibilities are endless .
it is buggy , slow and basically frustrates the heck out of the user .
it has everything i needed : bluetooth , infrared , support for mmc , camera , and a good operating system with lots of supporting software .
for me , it is as important that the tool be comfortable to use as it is that it produce a high-quality result .
i don 't believe this camera is still available . but if you can find one , you might like to get it .
for looks , well ipod is head and shoulders better , both the iriver and creative zen look positively ugly when next to a gleaming ipod .
have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital . com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid .
i spent hours setting up the stations ( accepts about 13-14 , i believe ) , though the reception is unpredictable .
it 's easy to use . not too small , and not too big .
as opposed to the nomad ii or any other flash based player , the songs load extremely fast . . . about one or two seconds per song .
applications : it has lots of applications and they work very well . . . when you eventually find where they are and they finally open .
in conclusion , i gave the ipod a 4/5 because anything this expensive should would work just about flawlessly .
the environmental audio , however , is almost completely useless and has made most of my songs sound worse than without it ( i encode my songs at 192-256 kbps without variable bit rates . )
best camera ever . from the image quality , color , function , i can say almost everything .
the panorama setting is unbelievable ! .
this is a quality product , not to be confused with the cheap junk that hitachi gets manufactured in china .
we take this camera with us everywhere and are constantly amazed at the quality of the pictures that we get and the number of different ways the camera allows for pictures to be taken .
the design of the col lets is excellent and far exceeds any of the craft man ( toy/junk ) routers i have previously purchased .
it definitely keeps the smell out .
"for a sleeker , smaller and more "" average "" mp3 player the nitrus is great but the ipod blows it out of the water - the interface is great and the design is wonderful ."
4 ) no fm or voice recording - these would have been nice extras .
also , the fit and finish could be better although this doesn 't detract from performance .
i originally gave this camera 5 stars . when i had windows 98 it was wonderful but i got a new computer last november with xp the usb software is soho . . . not compatible with xp
first , the sound quality is okay , but ( as at least one other reviewer has mentioned ) the eax can cause audio interference after about 30 minutes .
the tiny ( postage-stamp sized ) remote unit is wonderful : not only does it trigger the shutter , it can also be used to zoom and review pictures .
the height is a more convenient reach than others , where you have to hunch over .
the vibration is not top .
it works easily with one hand , which is important .
advanced photo bugs will find more creative control than imaginable .
the more i use it and figure out how to do things , the more i like it .
on the t-mobile service i was able to take pics as we drove across i-70 and email them to family & friends once we reached a t-mobile tone ( usually a major city ) .
i love my dark blue zen micro and would definitely recommend it .
the best part of the firewall is the visual backtracking .
i have a hard time using other phones with smaller screens ! . ! . ! .
6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model .
it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it .
i also put a bend in the wrench so i can remove and install bits from the top of the table .
the i-pod is the best thing i have ever used .
longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities .
what really made this a mediocre mp3 player for me was the software .
the sound is great , and the volume is more than satisfactory for commutes and shutting out external noise .
the software has n 't been a hassle for me at all .
the pictures are tack sharp , colors are vivid , and at 7 mega pixels the quality is plenty high to manipulate and crop images to your hearts desire .
i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine .
it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual .
fits comfortably in my inside jacket pocket or in my pants pocket .
basically , i ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the tech help .
the zen micro ( mine 's black ) has a lot going for it .
the screen is very easy to read and the blue light is bright enough to read at night , but dim enough so it does n 't blind you when you stare too long .
the creative zen micro , at first glance , is a dream come true for all mp3 and music lovers .
this is the best phone i have seen .
i do give create to creative for their attractive design .
it was a good player when it worked and i loved the design .
it 's worth it .
the same 4mp chip from the 4500 camera , plus a 3x zoom with the ability to expand upon that with extenders , great closeup mode , long lasting rechargable battery , etc etc .
the only thing i don 't like is the small size ( 8 meg ) memory card that comes with it .
have used it frequently and have had no problems .
i click pictures in jog format and because the phone has a bluetooth device i find it extremely easy to transfer pics to my pc and forth .
buttons size is ok for me , my wife , but not my granny .
so i took out the battery and put it back in again , only to find that it would not work .
i have about 6 gb used on my ipod so far ( well over 1000 songs ) , and as far as i can tell , all of them play at near-cd quality .
"i use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags i already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "" diaper "" trash bags necessary ."
as a windows user , i had to install the software including drivers and itunes on my desktop , and this is the only area where i encountered a nuisance .
on the plus side it 's packed with features , including bluetooth that works fine - it 's really a tiny computer that is also a phone . . . and that 's the negative .
i have had mine for about a year and use a third party firmware on mine and love it .
it is very simple to import via photo 2 and then move them to photoshop .
the radio and voice recording are nice .
even with newborn diapers it filled way too fast .
there was no compromise this little camera does amazing things .
however , it has failed to deliver on quality .
i think the os and controls are very well thought out and although i 'll admit i was a bit intimidated during my first few hours with the micro , the interface and controls became second nature after the first day or so .
the color and light i captured with this camera on a 12-day trip to turkey ( gorgeous vividly colored ceramic tiles inside darkened mosques ) were far superior to anything i 've ever gotten with a traditional 35-mm film camera .
mine generally requires a charge every 48 hours or so and i don 't really talk on it that much .
kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that .
upon opening the box i was confronted with this small cute little mp3 player .
in addition , i do not think the battery lasts much more than eight to ten hours , and it can take four hours for a full charge .
however , symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release .
while , there are flaws with the machine , the xtra gets five stars because of its affordability .
but that is good for me because symantec soft wares are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers .
the lcd is larger than the previous model , the nx , and has a bright blue backlight which illuminates the screen more successfully than the nx 's green backlight did .
if i was pressed to find a negative aspect of the zen micro i would probably have to mention weak fm reception , but the building where i primarily use the micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway , so you can take that for what it 's worth .
the phone is sturdy .
the size is small ( just a little bit bigger than an i-pod . )
the zen xtra will transfer the files to the player , but not the folder name .
record memos using the built in microphone .
the eax sound enhancement feature did n 't do enough for me and the custom eq was a limited 5 band eq .
at any rate , if you have been interested in digital photography but the price and confusion have held you back , consider the canon s100 digital elph .
i bought this slick phone and i am very happy with it .
the flash is very weak .
it gives great pictures , the controls are easy to use , the battery lasts forever on one single charge , the software is very user-friendly and it is beautiful in it chrome casing .
the included fence guide is easy to set up and quite accurate as well .
this thing plays everything i feed it .
the nikon coolpix 4300 is wonderful -- easy to use , high quality , and compact in size .
i have had the ipod mini and it performs on the level with my sound card but the micro beats it outright .
they fired away and the picture turned out quite nicely . ( as all of my pictures have thus far ) .
hate to wait between shots
"oh , and another is the cool "" halo "" light that surrounds the touch pad , and light 's up when you touch the screen , and how the light glows when the zen is connected to the computer ."
the construction of the player is the cheesiest i have ever seen -- the front panel refused to clip in correctly , leaving a noticeable gap between the panel and base of the player .
other things that i miss are voice-activated dialing and a standard 2 . 5 mm headset jack .
other than that , i love this camera .
the scroll bar again takes some getting used to .
unfortunately , the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it .
the buttons on the phone are small , even for my small fingertips , but you get used to them rather quickly .
overall , it does its basic function very well , but we expect more from the mp3 players today and the zen micro does not rise to the occasion .
3 . play java games on it .
i actually purchased two phones recently ( this one at the new blackberry phone ) , and this one is far superior ( imho ) .
not only is it inconvenient , but also the battery life span is short .
this is really a no brain er .
but about 25 % of dvd 's i 've played on it have a problem , when watching a movie the picture will freeze , but the dvd still plays , and eventually the picture kicks back in after skipping a few moments .
the headphone jack seems to be a major problem .
the highest optical zoom pictures are perfect .
t-mobile was a pretty good server .
my experience with installation was quite good .
a little weighty ( 9 ounces . . . no biggie ) , but otherwise fine .
even the instruction booklet is out of order .
however , the creative software is not real intuitive .
4 . the shape of this device is a little squarer , without losing the weight which means better balance and less shaking while clicking .
i enthusiastically recommend this camera .
only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash .
first , the zen lets you sync to more than one computer .
my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) .
the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to .
third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer .
anti-spam is good
it 's easy and really works , with some incredible range .
overall , i highly recommend this phone .
it plays just about any format ( check before you buy if it plays yours . )
for my first i had a diaper genie which was not only costly with the refills but it was also very stinky .
so far it has been very durable ( other than the little pads on the earbuds ) , but those aren 't really necessary as i find them comfortable on their own .
you can take pictures seconds after you turn the camera on . . . literally ! .
its quiet .
i have especially enjoyed the 640x480 mode , while not a replacement for a dedicated video camera , its quality easily surpasses that of my old hi-8 camera and is perfect for quick clips of things that still images just dont describe ( max 8 mins at 640 30fps on a one gig card ) .
battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k . reeves .
i am a big fan of itunes , simply because it is terribly fast and convenient - if you are buying the songs from the itunes site .
the movie mode can only record a max of 30 seconds at 160x120 per clip and a max of 4 seconds at 640x480 .
the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; . you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! . ) .
technology wise , i think this is awesome plus the speaker makes it even great ! . ! . ! . ! . i love this phone ! . ! . ! .
5 . the price is right .
this is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers .
no other color phone has the combination of features that the 6610 offers .
"i have had no problem either with backward compatibility , in that the "" mixed mode "" feature lets you both 54 and 11 mb cards off the router ."
too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time .
ooh , and i dropped it and it still works fine : this little camera has so many features i have n 't even gotten to all of them yet .
and it fits right in my pocket much easier than my old s30 .
first of all , i bought this dvd as a christmas present for my girlfriend and i am somewhat disappointed .
the macro mode is exceptional , the pictures are very clear and you can take the pictures with the lens unbelievably close the subject .
this is the first cell phone i 've owned , and overall , i am quite pleased with it .
and bluetooth does not drain the battery as quick as i thought it would , i usually can go 1 . 5 days with bluetooth on along with making calls before i need a full recharge .
this camera is so easy to use ! .
all in all this is a 5 star piece of equipment .
one drop from a pocket or desktop , and it 'd be a goner .
there are no spec ail bags to deal with or buy ! .
supporting an operating system , symbian os , you can download and run a lot of programs on this phone .
i just got an older 866 mhz system with 512 pc 133 ram and it also runs fine on that .
the file ripping/transfering software that comes with the player is easy to use .
the speaker phone is very functional and i use it in the car , very audible even with freeway noise .
i thought the fm radio would not see much use with so many tracks available to me , but its great for tuning in to tv programs at the gym while on the treadmill , concerts and programs being simulcast , npr , and on and on .
operation : it 's like bmw 's i-drive - it does it 's job , but has the most unintuitive , overly-layered interface .
the tech support is worthless too .
the interface took a little getting used to .
i have tried other pails , but none have compared positively to the champ .
good sound -- plays very nicely , even though the stock headphones are kind of weak durable -- not the most durable because its mostly plastic , but very compact and sturdy
i was worried that 4 megapixel photos would download more slowly , but there 's no difference in working with the files .
deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ) .
i 've been pleased with the picture quality and durability in snow , car , boat and wind .
i am quite happy with the camera .
another problem is that the latest 2 . 0 firmware upgrade moves you into windows media player 10 which seems to be very , very slow for downloads . charging[-2]
and the body / construction in general has quite a bit of plastic , a disappointment after the stainless steel heft of the s330 .
i downloaded the new firmware which was supposed to take care of the problem , but it hasn 't worked .
and it does an excellent job of keeping the odor contained , which the diaper genie never did ! .
the cons , at times the diaper wipes get stuck in the disposal area making it hard to turn the handle back and forth .
only thing missing from creative is a cd burner .
i love this pail ! .
the zen was an impressive purchase and i would highly recommend it to anyone using napster .
i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again .
4- looks great .
yes , the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in india , but the guy was easy to understand , and he helped solve the problem .
zen allows you to scroll up and down the song list selected on the player .
m3u files are used by most mp3 players like musicmatch and winamp , but not creative - without notmad you need to manually recreate your playlists ) ; . it does n 't care what software you use to rip or catalog your music - creative or any other company - all my 12 . 5 gb of music were transferred to the zen with correct tags - hooray ! .
remember , this phone uses an operating system - symbian . . . and it 's feature-rich w/ 65k colors .
the camera and video functionality is decent , i can 't see myself wasting my time with it , but some people will .
you can use it as a storage hard drive .
3 band and you can just change the sim card in it to be able to use it in europe with another service provider .
user interface : the software is simple and straight forward .
i find it very stable and comfortable to use , it doesn 't jump around or make me feel like i need to use a lot of arm strength to keep it under control , and it has very good visibility to see your cut .
all the features are incredibly intuitive , even for a novice like me .
it 's kinda heavy , kinda like having a walkman .
weak points : - touch pad : design could be better - volume control : controlled through the vertical strip , but purchasing a headphone with built-in volume control will do the trick .
the product also leaves a faint smell in the room .
autofocus feels exactly like my film camera while scene and manual mode add a little fun challenge to it all .
this phone won me over , and a big seller was the size ; . it fits nicely into any pocket without falling out .
i also use the phone as my modem via bluetooth to my apple power book ! .
( you can do it one handed while still hanging on to the baby . ) also , we like using regular trash bags instead of having to worry about buying refills ( like with the diaper genie ) .
but , i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment .
it 's perfect for those who aren 't planning on storing tons of music .
depressing the scroll button ( for selecting ) is not always responsive .
creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack .
2 ) nice features , like web browser , camera , video recorder , speaker phone ( very usefully ) , clear voice reception .
) one outstanding positive feature is the battery . it holds a charge for a long time , longer than most other similar products and the user can replace it easily or take another along as a backup .
2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow .
i treat the battery well and it has lasted .
5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace .
the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing .
in my opinion the worst issue on this phone is the side-mounted volume control .
the base was deeper and the highs were crisper .
i have not been disappointed with my purchase .
i 've had no problems w/ this phone .
it is made of plastic .
this is a great diaper pail .
what i like the most : - small and solid feel .
as for itunes , i don 't find it to be as good as the windows media player as a computer mp3 player , but it is good enough .
the ipod is a very nice product , which given reasonable care , should give a lot of service .
moreover , apart from the plastic cable cover , the camera has a nice , solid feel about it , and it 's so tiny , i take it with me wherever i go .
the screen is quite big ( between all hand phone ) , but the just about 65000 color .
i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits .
ripping the songs , even with my 1 . 1 usb connection is still very quick , and the quality is very good .
it was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers .
having done all this , i was quite pleased to see that all corners i needed were decently covered by the signal .
the log functions helps you track down the incoming , outgoing calls in the most easy of ways .
"the only thing i would complain about the zen xtra is that the controls are n 't as easy as the ipod 's , or as "" sexy "" looking ."
i find this feature on this phone useless , but , since i don 't really need this function anyway , i don 't really use it .
this unit comes with the usb/firewire cable as a standard item now .
i already knew something was wrong , because much of the spam i 've seen in the past six months was from resellers of norton products .
you can be up to about 3 feet away from it and it will still work perfectly .
this camera is worth every penny , and i highly recommend it ! .
not counting the time i spent editing the songs ( i suppose i should 've done it anyway on my pc ) the transfer was pretty painless .
the songs do n 't play one after another like on a cd .
i 've tried the belkin fm transmitter unit with it & it worked well when i set it on top of a portable radio , but was awful trying to use in the car which is somewhat of a disappointment .
that 's a rare and valuable feature .
"the computer interface is 90% good , only losing points due to the fact that "" creative "" branding is all over the place within it ."
loved the slim design .
sometimes when you press buttons , the menu appears after a second or two .
as said before this works perfectly .
the back of the player is nice too , with water ripples inside the clear white coating .
i couldn 't get the install wizard to work .
"some people have commented about the size and weight of the phone , and it has rightfully gotten the nick-name "" the bar of soap "" which , it really is ."
everything i wanted ! . the apple ipod has become one of the most sought-after electronic gadgets - and for good reason .
you 'll love it ! .
weaknesses are minor : the feel and layout of the remote control are only so-so ; . it does n 't show the complete file names of mp3s with really long names ; . you must cycle through every zoom setting ( 2x , 3x , 4x , 1/2x , etc . ) before getting back to normal size [ sorry if i 'm just ignorant of a way to get back to 1x quickly ] .
this one is full of features ( has bluetooth ) .
who knows how many uses you 'll get out of it before it craps out , but it probably will .
great camera , i have been using this for several months and got excellent results , simple friendly usage , in many scenes indoor , outdoor , snow , close up macro etc .
what got me to buy was the reviewer that said it would play dvd-rs fill of files ( e . , mp3s ) .
software downloads on the site crashed my pc .
all that said , i am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera .
the touch sarene navigation will take a little getting used to , but once you do , and while the zen is still alive , it 's a great alternative to the marching in lock step with the click wheel commies .
i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds .
this did n 't bother me too much because it 's still a decent size .
but , it seems to work so well now , that i do n 't anticipate any problems with it .
i like the nomad 's color better , but it 's not terribly flashy .
it is not a perfect product but it does have a lot going for it .
you hit the message button on the front and it takes a matter of seconds to bring up the menu .
is it necessary to scan my ms money database when i close the program ? .
to eliminate any smells we simple stuck a stick up room deodorizer inside the lid .
the included earphones are pretty good - my advice ? .
1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days )
only one complaint about the speakerphone , you can only activate the speakerphone feature once the person you are calling answers the phone , not while it is ringing .
i tried to do this by instinct and it 's not intuitive unless you are a network geek .
this camera is an excellent choice for an ultracompact , take anywhere device and boasts an outstanding movie mode to boot .
i guess the two antennae help with that besides making it look cooler .
"we tried the "" finding memo "" dvd and when we got to ~ chapter 28 , the frames started to freeze for no reason ."
whatever . . . on to the negatives : -touchy about charging . . . you can damage the battery and seriously decrease it 's life if you don 't upgrade the firmware or dont ' heed the advice to always plug in the player side of the cord before plugging in the outlet side .
i 'm in high school , and this camera is perfect for what i use it for , carrying it around in my pocket so i can take pictures whenever i want to , of my friends and of funny things that happen .
i love the fact i can carry it in my shirt or pants pocket and forget about it .
well the champ has survived it 's first year with our son and it is great ! . ! .
* i 'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable .
i find the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can 't tightly bundle it without a mess , the mess gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is outside of the diaper pail .
( it sure does look nice , though ! . ) i recommend this to any music lover anywhere : the quality of the audio is excellent , the controls and indicators rapidly become intuitive , and the storage capacity and battery life are huge ! .
shortly after i brought it , the plunging shafts started sticking .
i mean , they 're short ! .
i don 't know what 's happened to norton , but 2004 is absolute garbage .
it is very easy to change bits without removing the router from the table and the shaft lock works great .
it beats apple on the storage space , it beats apple on the removable battery ( and batter life ) , and i personally like its interface more than the ipod scroll wheel .
speed is not a problem .
its ability to serve as a back-up for my music collection is a huge plus .
just bought one & i 've enjoyed it to date .
either way , can 't go wrong with this price .
i did n 't read a thing about how to operate it -- it was just intuitive .
the disadvantages of this camera is it has been having some trouble with its autofocus on a few occasional pictures , especially quick candid shots where you start up and shot as quick as you can .
very bad quality .
it works great .
i gave the zen 5 stars because it 's excellent for the class that it is in and it 's not really appropriate to rate it based on players in a different class .
the accessories that come with the player are great .
the battery life can 't be very long ; . let 's not be greedy .
4 megapixels is enough for anybody and the photo quality is awesome .
and with usb 2 . 0 , transferring music to your player is incredibly easy .
"my ipod freezes occasionally , which is especially annoying when you 're in the middle of a game of "" brick . "" *"
this is my first digital camera , and what a ' toy ' it is ! .
newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box .
this is by far the finest camera in its price and category i have ever used .
when we tried to hook up the first one , it was broken - the motor would not eject discs or close the door .
also , i am quite partial to the creative mediasource organizer and player software , which i had with audigy zs sound card originally ; . it is definitely an added plus .
i just bought this player today and i already love it .
yes , there is a belt clip , but that doesn 't hold the extra battery and usb cable .
lastly , the price is fantastic :
it was also the most appealing .
first i 'll start off by saying that this players hardware is pretty good . . .
you can 't change the battery , so i don 't know what i 'm going to do in a year or so .
way less expensive than the ipod .
this is by far the nicest one , in so many ways .
creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n 't as easy as i would have liked .
overall , it 'll make my move that much easier knowing i don 't have to worry about connectivity .
i loved this product when i first got it - great sound , easy to use ( even though i agree that the software was n 't the best ) and held enough songs to suit any mood .
if you 're looking for a 3hp plunge router , the hitachi m12v is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget .
its sleek design , large memory capacity , compatibility with itunes , and ease of use makes this one of the best portable digital listening devices on the market .
i began taking pics as soon as i got this camera and am amazed at the quality of photos i have took simply by using the auto mode .
first , i have to say that i have never had the slightest problem with this camera or the software .
friends told me that the diaper genie did not work very well , so bought the diaper champ based on on-line reviews and i have been happy with it .
on top of being a workhorse and ultra reliable , it is just a plunge router that works really well .
i was impressed by this very inexpensive player . for the first three hours , and then it died .
it takes a while to learn how to use it right , and at this point i am able to make about 70% of my calls using it .
i hope it 's because it 's new and they are not out yet , but being without a remote is hard .
the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots .
the actual experience of using the ipod is magnificent .
3 ) the nomad explorer ( winxp style interface ) works well to transfer files back and forth to use the nomad as an external although the tech support web-site states that the primary intended purpose of the player is as a player .
get it , it 's woth every penny ! . ! .
if you currently own the 2003 version , and are looking to upgrade to the 2004 version , don 't .
don 't buy the diaper champ .
just want a wireless router for home or your very small business , you can just get a wrt54g from here and configure it .
3 ) the joystick design they are using on the new nokias gives you a great degree of control .
the colors are a joke , and i personally hate the stupid vertical touchpad .
the dvd player just would 't recognize them .
nokia does not disappoint in this model .
battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive
overall the nikon 4300 is a very dependable , robust , and useful little camera .
however after purchasing a 20 gb ipod it 's clear to see the superiority .
the size is tiny , which i love .
now in october , 2004 , the firewall said i couldn 't ok anymore software to use the internet because its full .
the progressive scan option can be turned off easily by a button on the remote control which is one of the simplest and easiest remote controls i have ever seen or used .
i find that if you remove the springs it is much easier to adjust and will not stick much .
among my requirements for a phone were : good screen , decent camera , bluetooth , and gprs support .
"all the "" cool "" features of the mini , but with 20gb instead of 5 ."
+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hard shell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +usb cable ! .
i love the quality of the pictures .
the color screen is a plus , as are the polyphonic ringtones .
the pc sync feature is superb that comes with nokia pc suite software ( with data cable or infrared port or bluetooth ) .
looks and shape : i have a black one and the first time i charged it and switched it on jeez the blue light looked so cool .
also navigating while playing music is a plus unlike my previous player .
this camera is great , wonderfully small , and has attractive hi-tech casing .
"also included in the "" games "" section is the great music trivia option - which tests your skill at being able to quickly place your own songs ."
the support has been less than impressive , considering the cost .
photo stitch ( merge pictures to create a panoramic one . . even my old one can do this and it 's really cool to have it now still )
the buttons and interface are very easy to use .
with my sennheiser 497 headphones , the volume is loud enough at 12 ( max is 20 ) .
the one huge disappointment is that the phones manufactured for t-mobile lack many of the menus and functions that a nokia straight from the manufacturer should have .
this is quite simply the best you can ask for .
i do like this phone overall ( would give it a 3 . 5 ) , but unfortunately , i am returning it .
the scroll wheel is better than the ipod 's as well , in that you do n 't risk giving yourself a cramp running your thumb around in circles endlessly - just a small nudge of the finger and you 're there .
the battery is removable .
so the pretty solid router all around good for the money here 's the link to firmware updates http : //www . suavest . com/forum6 . html
output went black and white only via both s-video and composite connections , and with no v-hold .
the soft start is a tremendous help for this type of operation .
it looks very cool , and seems quite small to me and very light .
i never had a single problem .
also i like the position of all the controls and the fact that it doesn 't have any extra knobs or gizmo's .
i was up all night trying to make the stupid thing work , to no avail .
some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to .
the use of 65536 ( 16bit ) colors ensures you get your share of animations and icons on your phone
i say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working , but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that i could have done if so ! .
the software is quick & easy to use & i found the entire process very easily mastered .
i like my phones to be small so i can fit it in my pockets .
unfortunately , i sold it exactly a month later .
the battery life last es 12 hours , and charges quickly . ( as mentioned above , the initial charge is a minimum of only two hours - not too long at all ! . ) once you 've downloaded your music , you can access the tracks by artist , genre , album , composer ( this comes in handy when the actual composer is different from the artist - e . g . covers of songs ) , etc .
it works well enough ( so far ) for me to be satisfied with it , and it 's possible that i 'm missing something .
the os is ab it confusing at 1st , but within a few days you will pass this learning curve ! .
there is no odor and extremely easy to use .
the setup and transfer process was cake for me .
great camera , great investment ! .
i 've since gotten the linksys modem ( befcmu10 ) and stacked it with the wrt54g router and it works fantastic ! . ! . ! .
personally , i am very pleased with the diaper champ .
picture quality in outdoor settings is indistinguishable from 35mm .
i found that low light situations combined with any sort of action left this camera in the dust .
it doesn 't bog down under load .
the 6600 ( t-mobile ) is the true 'world phone ' in that it has the mhz to operate around the globe , including new zealand and australia ( 900 ) whereas the 6620 ( available from singular ) replaces it w/ 800mhz ( some refer to as 850 ) .
versatile and stylish .
- not compatible with audible . com books .
yes , the picture quality and features which are too numerous to mention are unmatched for any camera in this price range .
there are 3 computers in my house all getting wireless connection from this router , and everybody is happy with it .
they have a good concept here , and i normally expect a lot better quality from creative , so maybe they will do better with the next gen version , but for now i say buyer beware .
however , it is much bigger , bulkier , and heavier than my other router and i would not like to use it freehand ( i keep it mounted in a table ) .
it uses the extend able mmc memory , it is perfect for storing videos , pictures and mp3s .
i was having intermittent problems with it losing connection .
it plays original dvds and cds and plays mp3s and jpegs .
sometimes , various applications crash .
the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough .
unfortunately it can 't play all of the dvd .
*holds a lot of diapers -- a full week of toddler diapers ! .
the great and versatile ipod
also , the player sometimes freezes , not a very big problem , but can also be annoying .
a sony erickson may be the phone for you . . . but good luck finding one w/ all the features & such a competitive price .
the volume .
i 've had nokia 's for years , and while this one is packed with whiz bang features it is disappointing for its primary use - a phone .
5 . the zen does not have a stop button ! .
i can not find a carrier for this phone i like , end up just tossing it in my purse .
very easy to use for someone like me who 's just hopping on the digital camera bandwagon .
what this plug-in reveals is the truly stunning quality of the raw g3 hardware .
this camera is great if you 're used to a high-end slr .
there is no photo viewing option , however , there is a 20 gb photo ipod , but it costs $20 more .
bottom line . . . great product , unbeatable price .
even after all the nightmare sound problems , i 'd still half-way like this product if it kept it 's promise ; . the ability to store 1500 songs .
i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n 't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) .
cheap construction - they should have made the player out of hard plastic and put some rubber on the corners .
but this by far is the best phone out there right now ! .
i had no problems setting up the software and getting my favorite cd 's transferred .
nothing has broken on it , and it plays all the dvds i have .
it has fm radio option and i can listen to music anytime .
the only problem is the size of the keys .
back in may 2004 , when i first reviewed this , it had taken me over 16 hours to install and run .
its silver magnesium finish is stunning , and the sharp lines and excellent grip are better than any other camera i 've seen .
buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer .
so , right out of the box i had issue .
the zen micro is no exception : in addition to the case , it comes with a neck strap , and has all of the necessary cables for syncing and charging .
all in all , it 's a good router if you don 't have the cash for a speed booster one .
this camera uses a lithium battery , i find lithium batteries to be highly inconvenient ; . because what if you are on vacation , where the nearest place to buy batteries is just a gas station -- there is no way that you are going to find lithium batteries there .
the software was great , as long as you have an administrative user account ( windows xp ) .
i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too .
i am now staring at an array of stuff including zen micro player , stereo earbud headphones , a rechargeable lithium-ion battery , an ac/dc power adapter , a usb 2 . 0 cable , a belt-clip , a stand , a stylish cloth pouch , an installation cd , a quick-start guide , and creative mediasource software .
the daylight pictures are brilliant and the indoor shots are very good provided that your subject is no more than about 8 feet away .
yes , you may get a whiff of a smell when you flip the handle , but then it is gone .
the sound quality is fantastic ( cd quality ) and it is really great to carry this around instead of stacks of cd 's or tapes ! .
the only thing i don 't like about it is that you have to buy a larger memory card , first thing ! .
the click wheel is incredibly convenient , however it can be a little overly touchy at times , which will make you frustrated with your own fingers .
i was an early purchaser of the wrt54g , and had a few problems with stability and speed - finally , the march 03 firmware update has resulted in an excellent product ! .
this isn 't uncommon in cameras , though , just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries , you should be fine .
the pictures are absolutely amazing - the camera captures the minutest of details .
smaller size , 1 gb of more space , radio , voice recording , removable battery , cooler look , all in one .
the software could n 't be better and the mp3 player works like a dream , i could n 't give this anything but a 5 , i wish there was a 6 .
i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before .
aside from a 6mb++ built-in phone memory , there 's a 32mb mmc card that goes with it ! .
if you need a wireless router . . . . get it get it get it . . . . works really good . . . .
the battery life of this camera is twice that of the nikon 5000 and is better than anything else i 've seen .
this thing is great , i like to use it to pick up tough stains on my counter top and also to listen to my old 8-track records .
you have the option to have the flash automatic or off .
i would recommend this camera unequivocally ! .
i got it working fast enough .
the buttons are rather stiff .